[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Late Night Final
Late Night Final is the second studio album (and first full-length album after the mini-album "Richard Hawley" released six months earlier) from musician Richard Hawley, released in the UK in October 2001 by Setanta Records.  Named after the cry of vendors selling the "Sheffield Star" evening newspaper on the streets of his home city, it was released to positive reviews.  A single, "Baby, You're My Light" was released from the album in February 2002, reaching #81 in the UK singles chart.

[title] Lady's Bridge (album)
Lady's Bridge is the fifth studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released on 20 August 2007 in the UK and on 9 October 2007 in the US.  The album follows his 2005 Mercury Music Prize-nominated album "Coles Corner".  It is named after the landmark location of Lady's Bridge in Hawley's hometown of Sheffield, an old bridge over the River Don that historically connected the rich and poor parts of the town.  Hawley told "Uncut" magazine that "the title is a metaphor too; it's about leaving the past behind".  The cover features a photograph, taken by Martin Parr, of Hawley and his guitar at the Club 60 music venue in Sheffield as a tribute to his father Dave who had died of lung cancer earlier that year: Dave Hawley had been a blues guitarist at the club in his youth, playing alongside Muddy Waters and John Lee Hooker.

[title] Standing at the Sky's Edge
Standing at the Sky's Edge is the seventh studio album from English musician Richard Hawley, released in the UK on 7 May 2012 and in the US on 28 August 2012.  The album is markedly different from Hawley's previous efforts, often relinquishing softer instrumentation in favour of squalling guitars.  As with all of Hawley's previous albums, the title obliquely refers to a location in his native city of Sheffield, in this case Skye Edge, a hillside area with views over the city centre and formerly known for its crime-ridden estates but largely redeveloped in the mid-2000s.

[title] Richard Hawley
Richard Willis Hawley (born 17 January 1967) is an English guitarist, singer-songwriter and producer.  After his first band Treebound Story (formed while he was still at school) broke up, Hawley found success as a member of Britpop band Longpigs in the 1990s.  After that group broke up in 2000, he later joined the band Pulp, led by his friend Jarvis Cocker, for a short time.  As a solo musician, Hawley has released seven studio albums.  He has been nominated for a Mercury prize twice and once for a Brit Award.  He has collaborated with Lisa Marie Presley, Arctic Monkeys, Manic Street Preachers and Paul Weller.

[title] Catherine (alternative rock band)
Catherine was an alternative rock band from Chicago, Illinois that was active from 1985 to 1998.  They were signed to TVT Records.

[title] Truelove's Gutter
Truelove's Gutter is the sixth studio album from musician Richard Hawley, released on 21 September 2009 in the UK and on 22 September 2009 in the US.  The album title refers to an ancient street in Hawley's native Sheffield, now thought to be the location of present-day Castle Street, which was allegedly named after 18th-century innkeeper Thomas Truelove, who used charge local people to dump their rubbish in the gutter in the street that then flowed down to the River Don.  Thematically, "Truelove's Gutter" is Richard's darkest album to date.  Richard told the BBC that the album was inspired by particularly dark periods in his life and those of others.  The album features some uncommon instrumentation, such as the waterphone, megabass, and cristal baschet.

[title] Lowedges
Lowedges is the third studio album from musician Richard Hawley.  It was released in the UK in February 2003 by Setanta Records.  It is named after a district in Hawley's home city of Sheffield.

[title] A Heavy Nite With...
A Heavy Nite With... is the debut album by British band Relaxed Muscle fronted by Pulp's Jarvis Cocker, using the pseudonym Darren Spooner.  The other member is Jason Buckle.  It has been alleged that Jason Buckle is a pseudonym for Pulp guitarist Richard Hawley, but this is not the case - Hawley does contribute guitar to the album, however, under the pseudonym Wayne Marsden.

[title] Broken (Soulsavers album)
Broken is the third full-length studio album from electronica production duo Soulsavers, released by V2 Records in the UK on 17 August 2009, and released by Columbia Records in the US in September as a digital download.  As with their 2007 album "It's Not How Far You Fall, It's the Way You Land", a collaboration with Mark Lanegan and a host of guest vocalists, "Broken" once again features Lanegan as the primary vocalist, as well as contributions from Bonnie "Prince" Billy (Will Oldham), Jason Pierce (of Spiritualized and Spacemen 3), Mike Patton (of Faith No More), Richard Hawley, and Gibby Haynes (of Butthole Surfers).  The non-album single "Sunrise", a song written by Lanegan and sung by Will Oldham, preceded the album release on 3 August 2009.  The AA-side is a cover of Palace Brothers' "You Will Miss Me When I Burn", written by Oldham and sung by Lanegan, that also features on the album.

[title] Longpigs
Longpigs were a British alternative rock band who rose to fame on the fringe of Britpop in the 1990s, comprising Crispin Hunt (vocals), Richard Hawley (guitar), Simon Stafford (bass guitar) and former Cabaret Voltaire member Dee Boyle (drums) who was replaced by Andy Cook for their second album.  Hailing from Sheffield, the group had success with singles such as "She Said", "On and On", and their well-received debut album "The Sun Is Often Out" (1996).
