[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Follow the Yellow Brick Road
Follow the Yellow Brick Road is a television play by Dennis Potter, first broadcast in 1972 as part of BBC Two's "The Sextet" series of eight plays featuring the same six actors.  The play's central theme is of popular culture becoming the inheritor of religious scripture, which anticipated Potter's later serial "Pennies from Heaven" (1978).  The play's title is taken from the song used in "The Wizard of Oz", another version of which features in the incidental music.

[title] List of Life on Mars (UK TV series) episodes
"Life on Mars" is a British television drama series, produced by Kudos Film & Television for the BBC in 2006 and 2007.  The transmission dates given below refer to the original UK showings on the BBC — for the first series in 2006 all episodes premiered on BBC One, but for the second series in 2007 two of the episodes had their first showing on the digital television channel BBC Four.  For these episodes, both the BBC Four and BBC One premiere dates are given.

[title] Round the Horne
Round the Horne is a BBC Radio comedy programme that was transmitted in four series of weekly episodes from 1965 until 1968.  The series was created by Barry Took and Marty Feldman, with others contributing to later series after Feldman returned to performing, and starred Kenneth Horne, with Kenneth Williams, Hugh Paddick, Betty Marsden and Bill Pertwee.  The show's announcer was Douglas Smith and from time to time he took part in the sketches.  It had musical interludes by close harmony singing group the Fraser Hayes Four, and accompaniment by the big band of Edwin Braden ("the great, 'airy fool" according to Kenneth Williams), known as Edwin Braden and the Hornblowers.  The band was actually the BBC Radio Orchestra but was never billed as such.  In the fourth series, all the musical duties were performed by the smaller Max Harris Group.  Took and the cast had worked on the predecessor series "Beyond Our Ken".  The name is a pun on the nautical phrase for sailing around Cape Horn.

[title] Pennies from Heaven (TV series)
Pennies From Heaven is a 1978 BBC musical drama serial written by Dennis Potter.  The title is taken from the song "Pennies from Heaven" written by Johnny Burke and Arthur Johnston.  It was one of several Potter serials (another being "The Singing Detective") to mix the reality of the drama with a dark fantasy content, and the earliest of his works where the characters burst into extended performances of popular songs.

[title] ShakespeaRe-Told
ShakespeaRe-Told is the umbrella title for a series of four television adaptations of William Shakespeare's plays broadcast on BBC One during November 2005.  In a similar manner to the 2003 production of "The Canterbury Tales", each play is adapted by a different writer, and relocated to the present day.  The plays were produced in collaboration by BBC Northern Ireland and the central BBC drama department.  In August 2006 the four films aired on BBC America.

[title] Harry Lloyd
Harry Charles Salusbury Lloyd (born 17 November 1983) is an English actor.  He is known for his roles as Will Scarlet in the 2006 BBC drama "Robin Hood", Jeremy Baines in the 2007 "Doctor Who" episodes "Human Nature" and "The Family of Blood", and Viserys Targaryen in the HBO series "Game of Thrones".  He has also appeared on stage, and in films including "The Theory of Everything" and "Anthropoid".

[title] Dawn French's Girls Who Do Comedy
Dawn French's Girls Who Do Comedy is an interview series shown on BBC Four.  In the series, Dawn French interviewed some of the most prolific comedians of the century from Phyllis Diller to Catherine Tate and asked about life, love, family and comedy.  The series was shown as three episodes featuring clips from French's various interviews with different comedians, however, from 25 to 30 December 2006 BBC Four showed six full interviews of 20–30 minutes.  They are (in order of re-broadcast on BBC Four) Whoopi Goldberg, Catherine Tate, Kathy Burke, Julie Walters, Victoria Wood and Joan Rivers.  This is one of the last interviews done with the late comedian Linda Smith.  Each episode ends with a tribute to Linda Smith.

[title] Cheryl Campbell
Cheryl Campbell (born 22 May 1949) is an English actor of stage, film and television.  She starred opposite Bob Hoskins in the 1978 BBC drama "Pennies From Heaven", before going on to win the 1980 BAFTA TV Award for Best Actress for "Testament of Youth" and "Malice Aforethought", and the 1982 Olivier Award for Best Actress in a Revival for "A Doll's House".  Her film appearances include "Chariots of Fire" (1981), "" (1984) and "The Shooting Party" (1985).

[title] Kenneth Williams: Fantabulosa!
Kenneth Williams: Fantabulosa!  is a 2006 BBC Four television play starring Michael Sheen as the English comic actor Kenneth Williams, based on Williams' own diaries.  Cheryl Campbell plays Williams's beloved mother, Lou.

[title] Pennies from Heaven (1981 film)
Pennies from Heaven is a 1981 American musical romantic drama film adapted from a 1978 BBC television drama.  Dennis Potter adapted his own screenplay from the BBC series for American audiences, changing its setting from London and the Forest of Dean to Depression-era Chicago and rural Illinois.
