[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Loretta Lynn
Loretta Lynn (née Webb; born April 14, 1932) is an American country music singer-songwriter with multiple gold albums over a career of almost 60 years.  She has received numerous awards and other accolades for her groundbreaking role in country music, including awards from both the Country Music Association and Academy of Country Music as a duet partner and an individual artist.  She is the most awarded female country recording artist and the only female ACM Artist of the Decade (1970s).

[title] Tim Malchak
Tim Malchak (born June 25, 1957 in Binghamton, New York) is an American country music singer-songwriter.  Malchak partnered with Dwight Rucker in 1982 to form the country music duo Malchak & Rucker.  Together, they became the first black/white duo in country music history with a charting single when "Just Like That" debuted on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 1984.

[title] Tammy Wynette
Tammy Wynette (born Virginia Wynette Pugh; May 5, 1942 – April 6, 1998) was an American country music singer-songwriter and one of country music's best-known artists and biggest-selling female singers.

[title] Bobby Lewis (country singer)
Bobby Lewis (born May 9, 1942 in Hodgenville, Kentucky) is an American country music singer-songwriter.  Between 1963 and 1985, Lewis released ten albums and charted more than twenty-five songs on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.  His biggest hit, "How Long Has It Been," peaked at Number 6 in 1966.  Lewis released a whopping 26 Country charted singles from 1966 to 1985, with 14 for United Artists, 5 for Ace Of Hearts, two with GRT, 3 for RPA and one each for Capricorn and HME.  Lewis also released a total of 9 albums with United Artists.

[title] Three Wooden Crosses
"Three Wooden Crosses" the title of a song written by Kim Williams and Doug Johnson, and recorded by American country music singer-songwriter Randy Travis.  It was released in November 2002 from his album, "Rise and Shine".  The song became Travis' 16th Number One single, his first since "Whisper My Name" in 1994.  "Three Wooden Crosses" was named Song of the Year by the Country Music Association in 2003 and won a Dove Award from the Gospel Music Association as Country Song of the Year in 2004.

[title] I'm a One-Woman Man
"(I'm a) One-Woman Man" is a song co-written by American country music artist Johnny Horton and Tillman Franks.  It was originally released as a single by Horton in 1956, whose version peaked at number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.  The song was twice recorded by American country music artist George Jones: first released on the album "The Crown Prince of Country Music" retitled "One Woman Man" in 1960, and later as "I'm a One Woman Man" released in November 1988 as the first single from his album "One Woman Man".  It peaked at number 5 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart in early 1989 and it would be his final Top 10 solo hit.  His final appearance on the Top-10 country singles chart arrived a year later as part of a duet recording with Randy Travis.  In spite of the lack of radio hits as the 1990s dawned Jones remained a popular concert draw for the next two decades and continued to release original recordings into the mid 2000s.

[title] Please Don't Stop Loving Me
"Please Don't Stop Loving Me" is a song written and recorded as a duet by American country music artists Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton.  It was released in July 1974 as the first single from the album "Porter 'n' Dolly".  "Please Don't Stop Loving Me" was Porter Wagoner and Dolly Parton's sixteenth country hit and their only number one on the country chart as a duet act.  Though Parton and Wagoner had each topped the charts as solo artists, and many of their duet singles had reached the country top-ten, "Please Don't Stop Loving Me" was their only chart-topper as a duet act.  The single stayed at number one for one week and spent a total of ten weeks on the country chart.

[title] Buddy Brown (musician)
Buddy Brown is a traditional American country music singer-songwriter who was discovered as a YouTube sensation.  Brown was born on May 12, 1982 to Dan and Cheryl Brown in Madison, Mississippi, a suburb of Jackson.  When Brown was nine years old, his family decided to relocate to Orlando, Florida for his father’s career.  In 2005, he graduated from Mississippi State with a degree in Psychology.  On October 13, 2009, he released a cover of Easton Corbin’s "A Little More Country Than That" that went viral.  A year later, he opened up for country music legend, John Anderson in Wildwood, FL.  On July 4, 2012, he released his first album titled Mason Jar.  His fan base pushed his first full-length CD to No. 34 on the iTunes country chart without a record deal.  March 11, 2014, he released a self-titled EP, Buddy Brown.  On October 14, 2014, Buddy released his second EP, Keepin’ It Country.  This EP reached to No. 12 on the iTunes charts.  In January 2014, Billboard put Keepin’ It Country on their Heat Seekers Albums list.  USA Today published a story on Brown, labeling him as a "YouTube Sensation."  His single "Takin’ You Huntin’" landed him a spot on the front page and an online feature in the Clarion Ledger.

[title] Lane Brody
Lane Brody (born September 24, 1955 in Oak Park, Illinois) is an American country music singer-songwriter, active since the early 1980s, best known for her 1984 Billboard-topping country hit "The Yellow Rose" (a duet with country music singer Johnny Lee), and for the Oscar-nominated song "Over You" from the 1983 film "Tender Mercies".  She is the first female in country music to have an Oscar-nominated hit from a soundtrack album.  Besides "The Yellow Rose", Brody has eleven other chart singles on the Billboard country charts.

[title] The Battle (George Jones song)
"The Battle" is a song by American country music artist George Jones.  It was composed by Norro Wilson, George Richey, and Linda Kimball and became the title track of Jones' 1976 LP.  The song uses war as a metaphor in describing an argument and eventual reconciliation between a couple, with the woman emerging victorious and the narrator exclaiming, "Oh, what a sweet surrender!"  The song begins with the sound of drums mimicking the start of a battle march.  Despite Billy Sherrill's ambitious production and Jones' committed vocal performance, the single did not crack the Top 10, stalling at #16 and continued the singer's commercial slide as a solo artist.  Meanwhile, the single "Golden Ring," a duet with his estranged ex-wife Tammy Wynette, became a #1 hit that same year.
