[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Kings County Museum (Hampton, New Brunswick)
The Kings County Museum is located in Hampton, New Brunswick and is run by the Kings County Historical and Archival Society, housed in the Centennial Building, with displays also in the old Kings County gaol next door.  Late in 1966, with the approach of the Centennial Year, an agreement was made between the Kings County Historical Society, the Municipality of Kings County, and the New Brunswick Centennial Administration to have space for a Museum in the new County Centennial Building in Hampton.  The official opening of the Kings County Museum was on June 1, 1968.  The museum is home to many artifacts and historical items from Kings County's past, and the main exhibit room is changed to display new artifacts every two (almost consistent) years.  Being open for 50+ years, the museum has accumulated an overwhelming amount of artifacts – all with a unique backgrounds involving Kings County.  The museum is open in the summertime and certain hours in the wintertime to the public for tours of the exhibit and the old gaol.  Guests can explore the many different books and stories about Kings County history that are for sale, and the museum also offers genealogy research.  It holds documentations of many place histories in Kings County, family genealogies and more.

[title] Fernbank Museum of Natural History
Fernbank Museum of Natural History, in Atlanta, is a museum that presents exhibitions and programming about natural history that are meant to entertain as well as educate the public.  Its mission is to encourage a greater appreciation of the planet and its people.  Fernbank Museum has a number of permanent exhibitions and regularly hosts temporary exhibitions in its expansive facility, designed by Graham Gund Architects.  "Giants of the Mesozoic", on display in the atrium of Fernbank Museum, features a 123 ft long Argentinosaurus (the largest dinosaur ever classified) as well as a Giganotosaurus.  The permanent exhibition, "A Walk Through Time in Georgia", tells the twofold story of Georgia's natural history and the development of the planet.  Fernbank Museum has won several national and international awards for one of its newest permanent exhibitions, Fernbank NatureQuest, an immersive, interactive exhibition for children that was designed and produced by Thinkwell Group.  The awards NatureQuest has won include the 2012 Thea Award for Outstanding Achievement for a Museum Exhibit and the 2011 Bronze Award for Best Museum Environment from Event Design.  The nearby Fernbank Science Center is a separate organization operated by the DeKalb County Board of Education and is not affiliated with Fernbank Museum of Natural History (Fernbank, Inc.).

[title] Deadwood, South Dakota
Deadwood (Lakota: "Owáyasuta"; "To approve or confirm things") is a city in South Dakota, United States, and the county seat of Lawrence County.  It is named after the dead trees found in its gulch.  The population was 1,270 according to the 2010 census.  The entire city is a National Historic Landmark District, for its well-preserved Gold Rush-era architecture.

[title] Yarmouth Runic Stone
The Yarmouth Runic Stone, also known as the Fletcher Stone, is a slab of quartzite that first came to the attention of the public in the early 19th Century.  The stone appears to have an inscription carved into it, which some investigators, notably Henry Phillips, Jr., have interpreted as Norse runes.  This has led to speculation that the Yarmouth, Nova Scotia area, in Canada, was visited by Viking explorers sometime around 1000 C.E.  Many other theories have been put forward, including the possibility of a hoax or the inscription being a product of natural forces.  The Stone is currently on display at the Yarmouth County Museum.

[title] Goa State Museum
Goa State Museum, also known as the State Archaeology Museum, Panaji, is a museum in Goa, India.  Established in 1977, it contains departments including Ancient History and Archaeology, Art and Craft, and Geology.  The museum, as of 2008, had about 8,000 artifacts on display, including stone sculptures, wooden objects, carvings, bronzes, paintings, manuscripts, rare coins, and anthropological objects.  The museum was currently located at the EDC Complex in Patto, Panaji; earlier it was housed at St. Inez, Panjim.  As of May 2018, the Museum has been closed for visitors since the artefacts are shifted to the Adil Shah's Palace (Old Secretariat) in Panaji.  The Museum's premises at the EDC Complex in Patto, Panaji shall be demolished to make way for a new Museum building.

[title] National Railway Museum Shildon
National Railway Museum Shildon, also known as Locomotion: the National Railway Museum at Shildon or Shildon Locomotion Museum is a railway museum in Shildon, County Durham, England.  The museum is a branch of the National Railway Museum (NRM), which is part of the Science Museum Group.  Shildon acts as an annex, with important exhibits on display in the NRM's headquarters at York, though major exhibits are regularly rotated.

[title] Stele Forest
The Stele Forest, or Beilin Museum (碑林; pinyin: Bēilín), is a museum for steles and stone sculptures in Xi'an, China.  The museum, which is housed in a former Confucian Temple, has housed a growing collection of Steles since 1087.  By 1944 it was the principal museum for Shaanxi province.  Due to the large number of steles, it was officially renamed the Forest of Stone Steles in 1992.  Altogether, there are 3,000 steles in the museum, which is divided into seven exhibitions halls, which mainly display works of calligraphy, painting and historical records.

[title] Tankavaara
Tankavaara is a village and a tourist attraction in the municipality of Sodankylä in Lapland, Finland.  It is located by the E75 highway 90 kilometres north of Sodankylä and 30 kilometers south of the Saariselkä ski resort.  Tankavaara is famous of its gold prospecting that started in the 1930s.  Since the 1970s, the village has been a tourist attraction including hotel, restaurants and the Gold Prospector Museum.  The International Gold Museum presents the history of Finnish gold, as well as the history of the world's major gold rushes.  A display called Golden world, tells the story of gold in more than 20 countries.  The outdoor museum is housed within several historic buildings and the courtyard is decorated with a large bronze statue of a gold prospector, by the artist professor Ensio Seppänen.  The museum's stone and mineral collection has more than 2500 samples on display from around the world.

[title] Thoen Stone
The Thoen Stone is a sandstone slab dated 1834 that was discovered in the Black Hills of South Dakota by Louis Thoen in 1887.  The discovery of the stone called into question the first discovery of gold and the history of gold mining in the Black Hills; it would mean that gold was discovered in the Black Hills 40 years before the Custer Expedition of 1874 and the subsequent Black Hills Gold Rush.  It is currently on display at the Adams Museum & House in Deadwood, South Dakota.

[title] Clay County Historical Museum
The Clay County Historical Society Museum is located in Green Cove Springs, Clay County, Florida.  It is located in a former trail depot.  Exhibits include railroad memorabilia, a country kitchen display and a country store display.  It is operated by the Clay County Historical Society.  The museum is located at 915 Walnut Street in the Historical Triangle which also includes the 1896 county jail and 1890 courthouse at Walnut Street and Ferris Street (Hwy 16).
