[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Column of the Goths
The Column of the Goths (Turkish: "Gotlar Sütunu" ) is Roman victory column dating to the third or fourth century A.D.  It stands in what is now Gülhane Park, Istanbul, Turkey.

[title] Lyceum Theatre (Park Avenue South)
The Lyceum Theatre was a theatre in New York City located on Fourth Avenue, now Park Avenue South, between 23rd and 24th Streets in Manhattan.  It was built in 1885 and operated until 1902, when it was torn down to make way for the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower.  It was replaced by a new Lyceum Theatre on 45th Street.  For most of its existence, the theatre was home to Daniel Frohman’s Lyceum Theatre Stock Company, which presented many important plays and actors of the day.

[title] Procession Kiosk
The Procession Kiosk (Turkish: "Alay Köşkü" ) is a 16th-century historical building on the outer walls of the Gülhane Park next to Topkapı Palace in Istanbul, Turkey.  It was used by the Ottoman sultans to receive the salute of processing janissary as well as a pleasure local.  The building is situated across the Sublime Porte.

[title] Soğukçeşme Sokağı
Soğukçeşme Sokağı (literally: Street of the Cold Fountain) is a small street with historic houses in the Sultanahmet neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey, sandwiched in-between the Hagia Sophia and Topkapı Palace.  The car-free zone street is named after the fountain situated at its end towards Gülhane Park.

[title] İstanbul Archaeology Museums
The Istanbul Archaeology Museums (Turkish: "" ) is a group of three archeological museums located in the Eminönü district of Istanbul, Turkey, near Gülhane Park and Topkapı Palace.

[title] Gülhane Park
Gülhane Park (Turkish: "Gülhane Parkı" , "Rosehouse Park"; from Persian: "Gulkhāna", "house of flowers") is a historical urban park in the Eminönü district of Istanbul, Turkey; it is located adjacent to and on the grounds of the Topkapı Palace.  The south entrance of the park sports one of the larger gates of the palace.  It is the oldest and one of the most expansive public parks in Istanbul.

[title] Sarayburnu
Sarayburnu (Turkish: "Sarayburnu" , meaning "Cape Palace"; known in English as the Seraglio Point) is a promontory quarter separating the Golden Horn and the Sea of Marmara in Istanbul, Turkey.  The area is where the renowned Topkapı Palace and Gülhane Park stand.  Sarayburnu is included in the historic areas of Istanbul, added to the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1985.

[title] Zografeion Lyceum
Zografeion Lyceum (Turkish: "Özel Zoğrafyon Rum Lisesi" , Greek: Ζωγράφειον Λύκειον ) is one of the remaining open Greek schools in Istanbul.  The school is in the Istanbul city centre in the Beyoğlu district and very close to the Taksim Square, which is considered the heart of the city.

[title] İstanbul Sirkeci Terminal
Istanbul Sirkeci Terminal, also known as Istanbul Terminal (Turkish: "Sirkeci Garı" ), is a railway terminal in Istanbul.  The terminal is located on the tip of Istanbul's historic peninsula right next to the Golden Horn and just northwest of Gülhane Park and the famous Topkapı Palace.  Sirkeci Terminal, along with Haydarpaşa Terminal on the other side of the Bosphorus, are Istanbul's two intercity and commuter railway terminals.  Built in 1890 by the Oriental Railway as the eastern terminus of the world-famous Orient Express, Sirkeci Terminal has become a symbol of the city.  As of 19 March 2013 service to the station had been indefinitely suspended due to the rehabilitation of the existing line between Kazlıçeşme and Halkalı for the new Marmaray commuter rail line.  On 29 October 2013, a new underground station opened to the public and is currently serviced by Marmaray trains travelling across the Bosphorus.  Sirkeci Terminal has a total of 4 platforms (3 above, 1 underground) with 7 tracks (5 above, 2 underground).  Formerly, commuter trains to Halkalı would depart from tracks 2, 3 and 4 while regional trains to Kapıkule, Edirne and Uzunköprü along with international trains to Bucharest, Sofia and Belgrade would depart from tracks 1 and 5.

[title] Tiled Kiosk
The Tiled Kiosk (Turkish: "Çinili Köşk" ) is a pavilion set within the outer walls of Topkapı Palace and dates from 1472 as shown on the tile inscript above the main entrance.  It was built by the Ottoman sultan Mehmed II as a pleasure palace or kiosk.  It is located in the most outer parts of the palace, next to Gülhane Park.  It was also called " Glazed Kiosk" ("Sırça Köşk").
