[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Major Boobage
"Major Boobage" is the third episode in season 12 of the American animated television series "South Park".  The 170th episode of the series overall, it originally aired on Comedy Central in the United States on March 26, 2008.  The episode was co-written by series creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone; it was the first South Park episode since 2000 not solely written by Parker, ending a streak of 120 consecutive straight solo episodes.  The previous episode co-written by Stone was "The Tooth Fairy's Tats 2000".

[title] South Park (season 7)
Season seven of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 19, 2003.  The seventh season concluded after 15 episodes on December 17, 2003, and was written and directed by Trey Parker.

[title] South Park (season 8)
Season eight of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 17, 2004.  The eighth season concluded after 14 episodes on December 15, 2004, and was written and directed by Trey Parker.  The season deals with various topics that were relevant at the time of release.  The episodes portray a spectrum of topics, from effect of large scale retails corporations to immigration.

[title] South Park (season 12)
The twelfth season of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 12, 2008.  The twelfth season concluded after 14 episodes on November 19, 2008.  "Saturday Night Live" cast member Bill Hader is credited as a consultant starting with this season.  Parker was the director and writer in this twelfth season.  Stone was also the writer on the third episode of the twelfth season.

[title] South Park (season 2)
Season two of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on April 1, 1998.  The second season concluded after 18 episodes on January 20, 1999; it remains the longest season of "South Park" to date.  While most of the episodes were directed by series creator Trey Parker, Season 2 includes two episodes directed by Eric Stough.

[title] South Park (season 15)
The fifteenth season of the American animated sitcom "South Park" began airing on Comedy Central on April 27, 2011 and ended on November 16, 2011.  In response to reactions to the mid-season finale episode "You're Getting Old", which seemed to insinuate that creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone were wrapping up the series, Comedy Central proclaimed through the media that "South Park" was renewed for two more seasons, and the duo were signed through 2013.  Shortly before the airing of the season finale episode "The Poor Kid", "South Park" was extended again until 2016, taking the show to 20 seasons.  Parker was the director and writer for all episodes, and Robert Lopez was the writer in this eleventh episode for the fifteenth season.

[title] South Park (season 9)
Season nine of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 9, 2005.  The ninth season concluded after 14 episodes on December 7, 2005.  All of the episodes in the ninth season were written and directed by Trey Parker.

[title] South Park (season 10)
The tenth season of "South Park", an American animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, began airing on March 22, 2006.  The tenth season concluded after 14 episodes on November 15, 2006.  This is the first season in which Kenny does not die and the last season featuring Isaac Hayes (the voice of Chef) as Hayes quit the show following the backlash behind season nine's "Trapped in the Closet" episode.  This season also had a minor controversy when the Halloween episode "Hell on Earth 2006" depicted "The Crocodile Hunter's" Steve Irwin with a stingray lodged in his chest getting thrown out of Satan's Halloween party for not being in costume.  Episode 2 in this season is the last one with the Braniff Airlines logo.  All the episodes in this season were written and directed by Trey Parker.

[title] Funnybot
"Funnybot" is the second episode of the fifteenth season of the American animated television series "South Park", and the 211th episode of the series overall.  "Funnybot" premiered in the United States on Comedy Central on May 4, 2011, the first time a "South Park" episode has aired in May since season 10's "Tsst" in 2006.  "Funnybot" parodies The Comedy Awards, black comedian Tyler Perry, the Daleks from "Doctor Who", and the death of Osama bin Laden.

[title] Eric Cartman
Eric Theodore Cartman, often referred to as just Cartman, is a main character in the animated television series "South Park", created by Matt Stone and Trey Parker, and voiced by Trey Parker.  Cartman, generally referred to by his surname, is one of four central characters in "South Park", along with his friends Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, and Kenny McCormick.  Cartman first appeared, originally named Kenny, in prototypical form in a 1992 animated short "Jesus vs. Frosty", and a 1995 animated short "Jesus vs. Santa", and first appeared on television in the pilot episode of "South Park", "Cartman Gets an Anal Probe", on August 13, 1997.
