[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Mercy Hospital and Medical Center
Mercy Hospital and Medical Center is a 292 bed general medical and surgical Catholic teaching hospital in Chicago, Illinois.  Established in 1852, The hospital was the first chartered hospital in Chicago.  In 1859, Mercy Hospital became the first Catholic hospital to affiliate with a medical school—Lind Medical School—and the first to require a graded curriculum.  Today, Mercy Hospital and Medical Center is part of a nationwide network of Mercy Healthcare facilities.  Mercy also is the hospital used by the Daley family: all of their children were born there.  Mercy sold a plot of land to the north of their hospital for 60 million dollars in 2008.  It is also the main women's cancer center in Illinois.  It accepted patients from Michael Reese Hospital and Medical Center and absorbed the ambulance routes when the hospital closed in 2008.  Mercy follows Catholic teaching but does give birth control to rape patients.

[title] Brad Wenstrup
Brad Robert Wenstrup (born June 17, 1958) is an American politician, Army Reserve officer, and Doctor of Podiatric Medicine, who has been the U.S. Representative for Ohio 's 2 congressional district since 2013.  A Republican, he defeated U.S. Representative Jean Schmidt in the 2012 Republican primary election and Democrat William R. Smith in the 2012 general election.  Wenstrup is a colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve and an Iraq War veteran.  After the shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise on the morning of June 14, 2017, Wenstrup attended to the wounded congressman until he was transported to MedStar Washington Hospital Center.

[title] Baylor College of Medicine
Baylor College of Medicine (BCM), located in the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas, US, is a health sciences university.  It includes a medical school, Baylor College of Medicine; the Graduate School of Biomedical Sciences; the School of Allied Health Sciences; and the National School of Tropical Medicine.  The school, located in the middle of the world's largest medical center (Texas Medical Center), is part owner of Baylor St. Luke's Medical Center, part of the CHI St. Luke's Health system, and has hospital affiliations with: Harris Health System, Texas Children's Hospital, The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, Memorial Hermann - The Institute for Rehabilitation and Research, Menninger Clinic, the Michael E. DeBakey Veterans Affairs Medical Center and Children's Hospital of San Antonio.

[title] Adventist Medical Center Manila
The Adventist Medical Center Manila, (formerly the Manila Adventist Medical Center; Manila Sanitarium and Hospital), is an acute care, tertiary, non-stock, non-profit, and self-supporting private hospital that is located within Pasay in Metro Manila, Philippines.  It was established on 1929 by a missionary doctor - Horace Hall.  It is one of the two constituents, the other being an educational institution, that formed the Adventist Medical Center Manila.  The hospital is part of a chain of more than 500 health care institutions worldwide operated by the Seventh-day Adventist Church.  It is licensed by the Center for Health Development of the Philippine Department of Health, accredited by Medicare, the Philippine Hospital Association and the American Hospital Association.

[title] Banner University Medical Center Tucson
Banner - University Medical Center Tucson (BUMCT), formerly University Medical Center and the University of Arizona Medical Center, is a private, non-profit, 487-bed acute-care hospital located on the campus of the University of Arizona in Tucson, Arizona.  BUMCT is part of the University of Arizona Health Sciences (UAHS) center campus which includes the university's Colleges of Medicine, Nursing, Pharmacy and Public Health.  It is Southern Arizona's only Level I trauma center for both adult and pediatric patients.  BUMCT is one of two University of Arizona affiliated academic medical centers in Tucson with Banner - University Medical Center South (formerly Kino Community Hospital, University Physicians Healthcare Hospital, and University of Arizona Medical Center - South Campus) being the other such institution.  The area's only dedicated Children's hospital, Banner Children's at Diamond Children's Medical Center, is located within and adjacent to BUMCT.

[title] Children's National Medical Center
Children’s National Medical Center (formerly DC Children’s Hospital) is ranked among the top 10 children’s hospitals in the country by "U.S. News & World Report."  Located just north of the McMillan Reservoir and Howard University, it shares grounds with Washington Hospital Center, National Rehabilitation Hospital, and the DC Veterans Affairs Medical Center.  Kurt Newman, M.D., has served as the president and chief executive officer of Children’s National since 2011.  Children's National is a not-for-profit institution that performs more than 450,000 visits each year.  Featuring 303 beds and a Level IV NICU, Children's National is the regional referral center for pediatric emergency, trauma, cancer, cardiac and critical care as well as neonatology, orthopaedic surgery, neurology and neurosurgery.

[title] NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital
The NewYork–Presbyterian Hospital is a nonprofit university hospital in New York City affiliated with two Ivy League medical schools: Columbia University's College of Physicians and Surgeons and Weill Cornell Medical College.  It is composed of two distinct medical centers, Columbia University Medical Center and Weill Cornell Medical Center.  s of 2017 , the hospital is ranked as the 8th best hospital in the United States and 1st in the New York City metropolitan area by "U.S. News & World Report".  The hospital has 2,478 beds in total, and is one of the largest hospitals in the United States.  New York–Presbyterian Hospital is among the largest hospitals and largest private employers in New York City, and one of the world's busiest.

[title] MedStar Georgetown University Hospital
MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is one of the national capital area's oldest academic teaching hospitals.  It is a not-for-profit, acute care teaching and research facility located in the Georgetown neighborhood of the Northwest Quadrant of Washington, D.C.  MedStar Georgetown is co-located with the Georgetown University Medical Center and is affiliated with the Georgetown University School of Medicine.  Its clinical services represent one of the largest, most geographically diverse, and fully integrated healthcare and delivery networks in the area.  MedStar Georgetown is home to the internationally known Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, as well as centers of excellence in the neurology, neurosurgery, psychiatry, gastroenterology, transplant and vascular surgery.  Originally named Georgetown University Hospital, it became part of the MedStar Health network in 2000.

[title] MedStar Washington Hospital Center
MedStar Washington Hospital Center is the largest private hospital in Washington, D.C. A member of MedStar Health, the not-for-profit Hospital Center is licensed for 926 beds.  Health services in primary, secondary and tertiary care are offered to adult and neonatal patients.  It also serves as a teaching hospital for Georgetown University School of Medicine.

[title] Capitol University Medical City
Capitol University Medical Center (formerly Cagayan Capitol General Hospital Foundation Incorporated) in Cagayan de Oro, Philippines, is the Base Hospital for the Capitol University.  This private hospital is one of the largest and leading private medical facilities in Mindanao.  In 2009,the new and expanded CUMC opened its doors to hundreds offering sects to affiliate in this bustling hospital.  Capitol University Medical Center stands as the base training of Capitol University's College of Nursing and College of Midwifery students in this medical center.
