[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Augusta Canal
The Augusta Canal is a historic canal located in Augusta, Georgia, United States.  The canal is fed by the Savannah River and passes through three levels (approximately 13 miles total) in suburban and urban Augusta before the water returns to the river at various locations.  It was devised to harness the water power at the fall line of the Savannah River to drive mills, to provide transportation of goods, and to provide a municipal water supply.  It is the only canal in the US in continuous use for its original purposes of providing power, transport and municipal water.

[title] 17th Street Canal
The 17th Street Canal is the largest and most important drainage canal in the city of New Orleans.  Operating with Pump Station 6, It moves water into Lake Pontchartrain.  The canal, along with the Orleans Canal and the London Avenue Canal, form the New Orleans Outfall Canals.  The 17th Street Canal forms a significant portion of the boundary between the city of New Orleans and Metairie, Louisiana.  The canal has also been known as the Metairie Outlet Canal and the Upperline Canal.

[title] Almonaster Road
Almonaster Avenue is a four-lane divided road in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States, named after 18th-century Spanish philanthropist Don Andres Almonaster y Rojas.  It forms in the residential neighborhoods of the Upper Ninth Ward by branching off at a Y-type intersection with Franklin Avenue.  Shortly afterwards, the road elevates on an overpass to cross the Norfolk Southern Railway and returns to ground level as it crosses the Industrial Canal on the Almonaster Avenue Bridge, a bascule bridge that it shares with CSX Transportation, proceeding into New Orleans East.  The traffic lanes straddle the railroad bridge on either side; this is the only location where Almonaster becomes a two-lane road, albeit divided.  It is also the last of the combination railroad/automobile movable bridges.  It winds through the New Orleans Business and Industrial District (NO BID) parallel with the Mississippi River Gulf Outlet and Gulf Intracoastal Waterway.  It intersects with Interstate 510 before finally ending at the junction with U.S. Highway 90.  It is also known for New Orleans street racing.

[title] Karakum Canal
The Karakum Canal (Qaraqum Canal, Kara Kum Canal, Garagum Canal; Russian: Каракумский канал , "Karakumsky Kanal", Turkmen: Garagum kanaly , گَرَگوُم كَنَلیٛ, "Гарагум каналы") in Turkmenistan is one of the largest irrigation and water supply canals in the world.  Started in 1954, and completed in 1988, it is navigable over much of its 1375 km length, and carries 13 km3 of water annually from the Amu-Darya River across the Karakum Desert in Turkmenistan.  The canal opened up huge new tracts of land to agriculture, especially to cotton monoculture heavily promoted by the Soviet Union, and supplying Ashgabat with a major source of water.  Unfortunately, the primitive construction of the canal allows almost 50 percent of the water to escape en route, creating lakes and ponds along the canal, and a rise in groundwater leading to widespread soil salinization problems.  The canal is also a major factor leading to the Aral Sea environmental disaster.

[title] New Orleans Outfall Canals
There are three outfall canals in New Orleans, Louisiana – the 17th Street, Orleans Avenue and London Avenue canals.  These canals are a critical element of New Orleans’ flood control system, serving as drainage conduits for much of the city.  There are 13 mi of levees and floodwalls that line the sides of the canals.  The 17th Street Canal is the largest and most important drainage canal and is capable of conveying more water than the Orleans Avenue and London Avenue Canals combined.

[title] London Avenue Canal
The London Avenue Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans, Louisiana, used for pumping rain water into Lake Pontchartrain.  The Canal runs through the 7th Ward of New Orleans from the Gentilly area to the Lakefront.  It is one of the three main drainage canals responsible for draining rainwater from the main basin of the city of New Orleans.  The London Avenue Canal's flood walls built atop earthen levees breached on both sides during Hurricane Katrina in 2005.

[title] Orleans Canal
The Orleans Canal is a drainage canal in New Orleans, Louisiana.  The canal, along with the 17th Street Canal and the London Avenue Canal, form the New Orleans Outfall Canals.  The current version of the canal is about 2 km long, running along the up-river side of City Park, through the Lakeview and Lakeshore neighborhood, and into Lake Pontchartrain.  It is part of the system used to pump rain water out of the streets of the city into the Lake.  The Canal has also been known as the Orleans Avenue Canal, the Orleans Outfall Canal, the Orleans Tail Race, and early on, the Girod Canal,

[title] Southern Railway Terminal (New Orleans)
The Southern Railway Terminal, originally officially "New Orleans Terminal", in New Orleans was constructed by the Southern Railway in 1908 on the neutral ground of Basin Street at the intersection of Canal Street.  The building was designed by Daniel Burnham, who was also the architect for the Union Station in Washington D.C.  The station also served the New Orleans and Northeastern Railroad and the New Orleans Terminal Company.

[title] 16th Ward of New Orleans
The 16th Ward or Sixteenth Ward is a division of the city of New Orleans, Louisiana, one of the 17 Wards of New Orleans.  New Orleans Districts and Wards.  It is an Uptown ward, along with the adjacent 17th Ward formerly part of the city of Carrollton, Louisiana, annexed by New Orleans in the 1870s.  The Ward stretches inland from the Mississippi River, with the upper boundary being Carrollton Avenue, across which is the 17th Ward, and the lower being Lowerline Street, across which is the 14th Ward.  The back boundary was the New Basin Canal, now part of the route of I-10.

[title] Canal Streetcar Line
The Canal Streetcar line is a historic streetcar line in New Orleans, Louisiana.  It is operated by the New Orleans Regional Transit Authority (RTA).  It originally operated from 1861 to 1964.  It was redesigned and rebuilt between 2000 and 2004, and operation was reinstated in 2004 after a 40-year hiatus.  Primarily running along its namesake street, Canal Street, it consists of two branches named for their outer terminals, totaling about 5+1/2 mi in length: "Canal - Cemeteries" (officially designated as Route 47) and "Canal - City Park/Museum" (officially designated as Route 48).  Each branch is denoted with the red and light green colors respectively on most RTA publications.
