[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] The Green Hornet (2011 film)
The Green Hornet is a 2011 American superhero action comedy film based on the character of the same name by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker that had originated in a 1930s radio program and has appeared in movie serials, a television series, comic books, and other media.  Directed by Michel Gondry and written by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg, the film stars Rogen, Jay Chou, Christoph Waltz, Edward James Olmos, David Harbour, Tom Wilkinson and Cameron Diaz.  The film was released to theaters in North America on January 14, 2011 by Columbia Pictures, in versions including RealD Cinema and IMAX 3D.  The film earned $227.8 million on a $120 million budget.  "The Green Hornet" was released on DVD, Blu-ray, and Blu-ray 3D on May 3, 2011 by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment.

[title] Kato (The Green Hornet)
Kato (加藤) is a fictional character from "The Green Hornet" series.  This character has also appeared with the Green Hornet in film, television, book and comic book versions.  Kato was the Hornet's assistant and has been played by a number of actors.  On radio, Kato was initially played by Raymond Hayashi, then Roland Parker who had the role for most of the run, and in the later years Mickey Tolan and Paul Carnegie.  Keye Luke took the role in the movie serials, and in the television series he was portrayed by Bruce Lee.  Jay Chou played Kato in the 2011 Green Hornet film.

[title] The Green Hornet (radio series)
The Green Hornet is an American radio adventure series that debuted in 1936 and introduced the character of the Green Hornet, a masked vigilante.

[title] The Green Hornet (Hong Kong film)
The Green Hornet is a 1994 Hong Kong action film directed by Lam Ching Ying and starring Chin Ka-lok.  Based on the American Green Hornet series the film focuses on the character of Kato.

[title] Cyndee San Luis
Cyndee San Luis is a Filipino American Actress.  She plays Paulita Maya in the HBO series "The Newsroom," who appears in the Fourth Episode of the First Season, "I'll Try to Fix You."  She was also in BET's "He's Mine Not Yours" as Natalie Su.  She has also appeared in Dave Coulier's "Can't Get Arrested" Web Series Episode 2: "Saved by the Bell - Ding!"  with Dave Coulier, Dennis Haskins and Kato Kaelin.  She has also played double roles as twin sisters (Faye S. and Twin Sister) in the short film, "The Case" (Directed by Timothy Tau).  Additionally, she appears as Lenore "Casey" Case, the secretary to Britt Reid/The Green Hornet in the Green Hornet segment of Timothy Tau's bio-pic, "Keye Luke".

[title] Bruce Lee
Lee Jun-fan (; November 27, 1940 – July 20, 1973), known professionally as Bruce Lee, was a Hong Kong and American actor, film director, martial artist, martial arts instructor, philosopher and founder of the martial art Jeet Kune Do.  Lee was the son of Cantonese opera star Lee Hoi-chuen.  He is widely considered by commentators, critics, media, and other martial artists to be one of the most influential martial artists of all time, and a pop culture icon of the 20th century.  He is often credited with helping to change the way Asians were presented in American films.

[title] The Green Hornet Strikes Again!
The Green Hornet Strikes Again!  (1941) is a Universal movie serial based on The Green Hornet radio series by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker.  It is a sequel to the 1940 serial "The Green Hornet".  This was Universal's 117th serial (the 49th with sound) of the 137 the studio produced.  The plot involves racketeering and is unusual for a film serial in having mostly stand alone episodes instead of a continuous story (although this was also the case for the original "Green Hornet" serial).

[title] The Green Hornet (2006 film)
The Green Hornet (original title is "Le frelon vert") is a 2006 French short-movie, based on The Green Hornet character created by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker.

[title] The Green Hornet (TV series)
The Green Hornet is a television series on the ABC US television network that aired for the 1966–1967 TV season starring Van Williams as the Green Hornet/Britt Reid and Bruce Lee as Kato.

[title] Green Hornet
The Green Hornet is a fictional character, a masked crime-fighter, created by George W. Trendle and Fran Striker, with input from radio director James Jewell, in 1936.  Since his radio debut in the 1930s, the Green Hornet has appeared in numerous serialized dramas in a wide variety of media.  The character appeared in film serials in the 1940s, a television show in the 1960s, multiple comic book series from the 1940s on, and a feature film in January 2011.  The franchise is currently owned by Green Hornet, Inc., who license the property across a wide variety of media that includes comics, films, TV shows, radio and books.  The comic book rights are currently licensed out to and Dynamite Entertainment.
