[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Just Like Paradise
"Just Like Paradise" is a song by American rock singer David Lee Roth.  Released after he left Van Halen, it was produced by Roth and guitarist Steve Vai.  The lead single from Roth's second solo album, 1988's "Skyscraper", it reached the top 10 in the United States and Canada.

[title] The David Lee Roth Band
The David Lee Roth Band was an American rock and roll band, formed in Pasadena, California in 1985 by Van Halen frontman David Lee Roth.  Originally featuring a supergroup line-up of guitarist Steve Vai, bassist Billy Sheehan, and drummer Gregg Bissonette, the band released numerous popular songs and albums from the mid-1980s until the late 1990s.  Other well-known musicians in the David Lee Roth Band have include guitarist Jason Becker, guitarist Steve Hunter, guitarist John 5 (guitarist), bassist Matt Bissonette drummer Ray Luzier, and keyboardist Brett Tuggle.  The band's well-known songs include "Yankee Rose", "Goin' Crazy!" , "Shy Boy", "Just Like Paradise", "Stand Up", "Damn Good", "A Little Ain't Enough", "She's My Machine", and "Slam Dunk!"

[title] Sammy Hagar
Samuel Roy Hagar (born October 13, 1947), also known as The Red Rocker, is an American rock vocalist, guitarist, songwriter, musician and entrepreneur.  Hagar came to prominence in the 1970s with the hard rock band Montrose.  He afterwards launched a successful solo career, scoring an enduring hit in 1984 with "I Can't Drive 55".  He enjoyed huge commercial success when he replaced David Lee Roth as the lead singer of Van Halen in 1985, but left the band in 1996.  He returned to the band for a 2-year reunion from 2003 to 2005.  On March 12, 2007, Hagar was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Van Halen.  His musical style primarily consists of hard rock and heavy metal.

[title] Your Filthy Little Mouth
Your Filthy Little Mouth is the fourth full-length studio LP by David Lee Roth, the lead singer of the American rock band Van Halen.  Released in 1994 by Warner Brothers-Reprise and produced by Nile Rodgers (producer of albums by David Bowie, Madonna, et cetera), "Your Filthy Little Mouth" explores relatively disparate genres of popular music, but contextualizes them via rock and blues.  The album reflects Roth's growing fascinations with literature and philosophy, as well as his experiences living in New York City's Lower East Side during the early 1990s.  The album's artwork, based conceptually on tattoo art and graffiti art, is executed by Roth.

[title] The Midnighters
The Midnighters were an American R&B group from Detroit, Michigan.  They were an influential group in the 1950s and early 1960s, with many R&B hit records.  They were also notable for launching the career of lead singer Hank Ballard and the worldwide dance craze the Twist.  Between 1953 and 1962 the Midnighters had almost two dozen hits on the U.S. Pop & R&B charts.  Their big hits included the million-selling Billboard Top 10 pop hits "Finger Popping Time" (for which they received a 1961 Grammy Award nomination), and "Let's Go, Let's Go, Let's Go".  The Midnighters also had 13 Top 10 R&B hits, including three that reached number 1.  Their Top 10 R&B hits included "Work with Me, Annie", "It's Love Baby (24 Hours a Day)", "Annie Had a Baby", "The Hoochi Coochi Coo", "Teardrops on Your Letter", "Get It", "The Float" and "Nothing but Good".  They received the Rhythm and Blues Foundation's prestigious Pioneer Award in 1992 and were inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 1999.  The group's lead singer, Hank Ballard, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1990.  The Midnighters as a "group" were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on April 14, 2012.

[title] The David Lee Roth Show
The David Lee Roth Show is a former short-lived American radio show that aired from January 3 to April 21, 2006, hosted by rock musician David Lee Roth.  It was the replacement of "The Howard Stern Show" following its departure from terrestrial to Sirius Satellite Radio.  It was simulcast on seven stations across the United States owned by CBS Radio, who launched the show as part of its Free FM radio format.  Notably different from Howard Stern's program, or corporate "morning zoo" and "shock jock" formats which dominated morning radio at the time, Roth's show sounded similar to pirate radio, featuring ethnic and non-commercial rock music integrated with personal stories, occasionally uncomfortable debates on intellectual matters, and interviews with people Roth admired, such as guitarist Brian May, baseball player Johnny Damon, and Roth's uncle, Manny Roth.

[title] Cia Berg
Cia Berg (born 2 December 1963), now known as Cia Soro, is a Swedish television presenter and singer.  She was at one time the lead singer of the Swedish rock band Whale, who released the single "Hobo Humpin' Slobo Babe".

[title] David Lee Roth
David Lee Roth (born October 10, 1954) is an American rock vocalist, musician, songwriter, actor, author, and former radio personality.  In 2007, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

[title] David Lee Roth discography
David Lee Roth is an American rock music singer.  His discography consists of six studio albums, one extended play, one compilation album, and twenty singles.  Of his eight albums, four have been certified Gold or higher by the Recording Industry Association of America. " Eat 'Em and Smile", "Skyscraper" and "Crazy from the Heat" are certified Platinum, and "A Little Ain't Enough" is certified Gold.  As of 2012, all of David Lee Roth's Warner Brothers LPs are due for recertification.

[title] Yankee Rose (song)
"Yankee Rose" is a hard rock song recorded by David Lee Roth.  It was written by Roth and Steve Vai and was Roth's first single on his 1986 first full-length album "Eat 'Em and Smile".  It was recorded as a tribute to the Statue of Liberty in New York City, as the statue was completing a major renovation for the 100th anniversary of its dedication in 1886.
