[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Pokémon universe
The Pokémon universe is a fictional continuity construct that exists in stories and works of fiction by video game company Game Freak.  The concept of the "Pokémon" universe, in both the video games and the general nonfictional world of "Pokémon", stems from the hobby of insect collecting, a popular pastime which "Pokémon" executive director Satoshi Tajiri-Oniwa enjoyed as a child.  Players of the games are designated as Pokémon Trainers, and the two general goals (in most Pokémon games) for such Trainers are: to complete the Pokédex by collecting all of the available Pokémon species found in the fictional region where that game takes place; and to train a team of powerful Pokémon from those they have caught to compete against teams owned by other Trainers, and eventually become the strongest Trainer: the Pokémon Master.  These themes of collecting, training, and battling are present in almost every version of the Pokémon franchise, including the video games, the anime and manga series, and the Pokémon Trading Card Game.

[title] Pete Hill
John Preston "Pete" Hill (October 12, 1882 – December 19, 1951) was an American outfielder and manager in baseball's Negro leagues from 1899 to 1925.  He played for the Philadelphia Giants, Leland Giants, Chicago American Giants, Detroit Stars, Milwaukee Bears, and Baltimore Black Sox.  Hill starred for teams owned by Negro league executive Rube Foster for much of his playing career.

[title] RSPORTS
RSPORTS was an auto racing team that competed in the Champ Car World Series.  It was founded officially in 2007 as a technological partnership, but started out originally as two different teams owned by former race car drivers Carl Russo, who owned RuSPORT, and Paul Gentilozzi who founded Rocketsports.

[title] Robert Kraft
Robert Kenneth Kraft (born June 5, 1941) is an American businessman.  He is the chairman and chief executive officer of the Kraft Group, a diversified holding company with assets in paper and packaging, sports and entertainment, real estate development and a private equity portfolio.  His sports holdings include: the National Football League's New England Patriots, Major League Soccer's New England Revolution and the stadium in which both teams play, Gillette Stadium.

[title] Mane 'n Tail Lady Stallions (2015)
The Mane 'n Tail Lady Stallions were a professional volleyball team in the Philippine Super Liga (PSL).  It was one of two teams owned by Federated Distributors, Inc. and was the second team to play under the name "Mane 'n Tail Lady Stallions".  The original Mane 'n Tail Lady Stallions was renamed Philips Gold Lady Slammers in 2015.

[title] 1926 American Football League season
The 1926 American Football League season is the only season of the existence of the first American Football League.  It started with nine teams, with the initial game of the season being played in front of 22,000 fans in Cleveland, Ohio, but by the end of the season (December 14, 1926), only four teams were still in existence: three teams owned or subsidized by league founder C. C. Pyle and star Red Grange (New York Yankees, Los Angeles Wildcats, and Chicago Bulls) and league champion Philadelphia Quakers.  The initial lineup of teams included the traveling Wildcats and a charter member of the National Football League, the Rock Island Independents, which became a second traveling team after having poor attendance in its first three games.

[title] Crispa 400
Crispa 400 was the name of two amateur basketball teams owned by P. Floro and Sons, Inc. that played in the Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association (MICAA) from 1977 to 1981 and the Philippine Basketball League (PBL) from 1989 to 1992, respectively.

[title] Canadian Premier League
The Canadian Premier League is a proposed fully professional, FIFA-sanctioned soccer league expected to begin play as early as 2018.  Six to eight teams owned and operated, at least in part, by a mix of NHL and CFL ownership groups are expected to initially compete in the league.  The league's focus will be to fully "Canadianize" itself to improve talent and the sport in Canada.  It was officially sanctioned by the Canadian Soccer Association on May 6, 2017, with a launch date of 2018.  It is expected to be headquartered in Hamilton, Ontario.

[title] PLDT Volleyball Club
The PLDT Home TVolution Power Attackers (women's) and the PLDT Home Telpad-Air Force Turbo Boosters (men's) were professional volleyball teams owned by PLDT that played in the Philippine Super Liga (PSL) from 2013 to 2014.  The club was first known as PLDT myDSL Speed Boosters.

[title] Myra Kraft
Myra Hiatt Kraft ("née" Myra Nathalie Hiatt; December 27, 1942 – July 20, 2011) was an American philanthropist and the wife of New England Patriots and New England Revolution owner Robert Kraft.
