[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] I Got a Thang for You
"I Got a Thang for You" is the second single from Miami-based rapper Trina's fourth album "Still da Baddest".  The song features American R&B singer Keyshia Cole.  It was chosen after much speculation and talk about the second single.  The song was produced by Kane da Kameleon, while the chorus was written by Midus, both of Slick Salt Entertainment.

[title] Revolver (T-Pain album)
Revolver (stylized as rEVOLVEr), is the fourth studio album by American rapper T-Pain, released through Konvict Muzik, RCA Records and his own label Nappy Boy Entertainment on December 6, 2011.  It is his first album released after the dissolution of his previous label, Jive Records.  Recording sessions for the album have taken place from 2009 to 2011.  T-Pain stated that the two R's in the word, "RevolveЯ" have been capitalized so that in the middle, it says "evolve", indicating that T-Pain has evolved as an artist, and as a person in the period from "Thr33 Ringz" up till "RevolveЯ".  He later stated that the R's were put to show how people can be deceived, and precept incorrectly without looking at the inside of things, and he then said that this will be the scheme of the album.  T-Pain announced that the album would be released on December 6 in the United States in an interview with Lady Jade on the F.A.M.E. tour bus, coincidentally this is the same release date of his first album, "Rappa Ternt Sanga" back in 2005.  At the end of 2009, and throughout the early part of 2010, several singles were released from the album; however, the poor chart performance of these songs caused them to re-dubbed as promotional singles.

[title] Still da Baddest
Still Da Baddest is the fourth studio album by American rapper Trina.  It was released on April 1, 2008, by Slip-n-Slide, EMI and DP Entertainment.  The album was preceded by the lead single, "Single Again" on November 6, 2007.  Following the poor chart performance, "I Got a Thang for You" featuring Keyshia Cole, was released as the album's second single.  The album's third and final single "Look Back at Me" featuring Killer Mike, which it was produced by Hard Hat Productions, became a regional hit club record and accompanied by a music video.

[title] B R Right
"B R Right" is a song recorded by American rapper Trina for her second studio album, "Diamond Princess" (2002).  It features American rapper Ludacris.  The song was released as the third single from the album.  the song peaked at a moderately successful peak position of number 83 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.  But on the U.S. Hot Rap Tracks was at Top 30 hit.

[title] Da Baddest Bitch
Da Baddest Bitch is the debut album by American rapper Trina.  It was released on March 21, 2000 through the label Atlantic/Slip-N-Slide Records.  The album debuted at number thirty-three on the US The Billboard 200 and number eleven on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart, and entered the "Top R&B/Hip-Hop Catalog Albums" in 2002.

[title] Single Again
"Single Again" is the lead single from Miami rapper Trina's fourth album "Still da Baddest".  Trina confirmed on Myspace, that it will be the first single from the album.

[title] You da Baddest
"You da Baddest" is a song by American rapper Future featuring Trinidadian rapper Nicki Minaj.  It was released on July 28, 2017 as the fourth single from Future's sixth studio album, "HNDRXX" (2017).  The song was written by Future and Minaj along with producer Detail and Andre Price, and was produced by Detail and Go Grizzly.

[title] Life in a Tin Can
Life in a Tin Can is the Bee Gees' eleventh studio album (ninth worldwide), released in January 1973.  The Bee Gees moved their base of operations from England to Los Angeles to record "Life in a Tin Can".  However, it was unable to prevent a commercial decline with the album criticised for a lack of innovation.  Despite its low sales and poor chart performance, "Life in a Tin Can" was awarded "Album of the Year" by "Record World" magazine.  It was the first Bee Gees album to bear the RSO label in the US.

[title] Meech Wells
Meech Wells (born Cecil D. Womack, Jr.) is a music producer from the United States.  He works primarily on hip hop music, and has produced or co-produced for artists Snoop Dogg and Shaquille O'Neal.  Wells is also the son of Motown singer Mary Wells and musician/songwriter, Cecil Womack.  Being the son of Motown legend Mary Wells may have helped jumpstart Meech Wells' career, but the West Coast rap producer quickly proved his talent and eventually aligned himself with Snoop Dogg, another relationship that definitely didn't hurt his career.  Before being Snoop's producer of choice during the late 1990s and early 2000s, Wells began his career as part of a funk band called Trey Lewd that also featured Tracey Lewis, George Clinton's son; this provided him with the opportunity to work with Clinton himself.  By 1993, Wells found himself working alongside producer/rapper Def Jef; the two's production on Shaquille O'Neil's "I Got Skillz" (a surprise hit single) won them instant credentials.  Throughout the mid-'90s, he continued to hone his craft, working on a number of remix projects before eventually being introduced to Snoop through a friend.  Before long, the two were working together as a potent duo, beginning with "Still a G Thang," one of the better songs on Snoop's Da Game Is to Be Sold, Not to Be Told.  Wells produced a few No Limit songs featuring Snoop—Tru's "It's a Beautiful Thang," Silkk the Shocker's "Get It Up"—before playing a major role in bringing a West Coast sound to Snoop's Top Dogg album in 1999: "In Love With a Thug," "Better Days," "Gangsta Ride," among others.  In 2000 he reprised his role as one of Snoop's producers of choice, producing tracks for Tha Eastsidaz' self-titled debut and Doggy's Angels' Pleezbalevit, as well as Snoop's own Tha Last Meal ("Go Away," "Issues").

[title] Keyshia Cole
Keyshia Cole (born October 15, 1981) is an American singer/songwriter, record producer, business woman, and television personality.  She was born in Oakland, California.  Her career began when she met MC Hammer at the age of 12, and later met rapper Tupac Shakur.  At the age of 18, she moved to Los Angeles and was later introduced to A&M Records.  She released her debut album, "The Way It Is" (2005), which spawned five singles: "Never," "I Changed My Mind," "(I Just Want It) To Be Over," "I Should Have Cheated," and "Love."  It was certified gold within 17 weeks, and then platinum just eight weeks later.  The album stayed on the charts for over a year, selling over 1.6 million copies.
