[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Karl Freiherr von Müffling
Friedrich Karl Ferdinand Freiherr von Müffling, called Weiss (12 June 177510 January 1851) was a Prussian "Generalfeldmarschall" and military theorist.  He served as Blücher's liaison officer in Wellington's headquarters during the Battle of Waterloo and was one of the organizers of the final victory over Napoleon.  After the wars he served a diplomatic role at the Congress of Aix-la-Chappelle and was a major contributor to the development of the Prussian General Staff as Chief.  Müffling also specialized in military topography and cartography.

[title] Ardant du Picq
Charles Jean Jacques Joseph Ardant du Picq (19 October 1821 – 18 August 1870) was a French Army officer and military theorist of the mid-nineteenth century whose writings, as they were later interpreted by other theorists, had a great effect on French military theory and doctrine.

[title] František Zach
František Zach (] ; Serbian: Франтишек Зах ; 1 May 1807–14 January 1892), known as Franjo Zah (Фрањо Зах), was a Czech-born soldier and military theorist, best known for being the first acting General and Chief of the General Staff of the Principality of Serbia from 1876 to 1877.

[title] Graham Seton Hutchison
Lieutenant-Colonel Graham Seton Hutchison (1890–1946) was a Scottish First World War army officer, military theorist, author of both adventure novels and non-fiction works and fascist activist.  Seton Hutchison became a celebrated figure in military circles for his tactical innovations during the First World War but would later become associated with a series of fringe fascist movements which failed to capture much support even by the standards of the far right in Britain in the interbellum period.

[title] Richard Terrin
Richard Terrin (January 8, 1890 – June 3, 1958) was an American lawyer, military theorist, historian, and government official known for his expertise on Asia.  After graduating from the Northwestern University School of Law, Terrin worked briefly as a prosecutor, then served in various positions with the American administration in the Philippines, most notably working as primary staff aide and legal advisor to Governor-General of the Philippines Dwight F. Davis.  During the 1930s, he worked in the US Department of War and taught at the Army War College, then moved to Kenya.  After American entry into World War II, he moved to Australia, where he worked with the American Embassy to coordinate operations and from 1945–1948, he held a position with the US administration in Japan.  After leaving Japan, he practiced law in Chicago until his retirement in 1954.  He died at his home on June 3, 1958 of natural causes.

[title] Erwin Rommel
Erwin Rommel (15 November 1891 – 14 October 1944) was a German general and military theorist.  Popularly known as the Desert Fox, he served as field marshal in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II.

[title] International Stability Operations Association
The International Stability Operations Association (ISOA), formerly known as the International Peace Operations Association (IPOA), is a trade association founded in April 2001.  IPOA was created to support the private military and disaster relief industries, and is based in Washington, D.C., United States.

[title] Evgeny Messner
Evgeny Messner (Russian: Евгений Эдуардович Месснер , German: "Eugen Messner" ; 1891–1974) was a Russian professional soldier and military theorist.  A Russian German, he became an officer of the Imperial Russian Army.  During the Russian Civil War he sided with the White movement and fought against the Bolsheviks, notably as the last chief of staff of Kornilov Division of the Army of General Wrangel.

[title] Norbert Holm
Norbert Holm (16 December 1895 – 3 June 1962) was a general in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II.  He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.  Following the 20 July plot, on 16 September 1944, Norbert Holm was arrested and later demoted because of his Chief of Operations association with Field Marsal Erwin Rommel.  He fought as a private in the 19th Panzer Division, and for "repeated bravery before the enemy" he was promoted to Unteroffizier in January 1945 and to Feldwebel two months before the end of the war.  He was rehabilitated in 1956.

[title] Mirza Mohammad Afzal Beg
Mirza Mohammad Afzal Bég was a Kashmiri politician and lieutenant of the late Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir, Sheikh Abdullah.  He was also the president of the Plebiscite Front and was arrested as one of the accused in Kashmir Conspiracy Case.  In later years, he was Sheikh Abdullah's representative in talks with the Indian government in 1974, inking the 1974 Indira-Sheikh accord.  Afzal Bég hailed from Anantnag and was the son of mirza Nizamudin Beg, brother of Mirza Ghulam Qadir Beg and nephew of the landlord, Mirza Ghulam Mohammad Bég, of Anantnag.  He died on 11 June 1982.  He was popularly known as 'Fakhr-e-Kashmir' (pride of Kashmir) and was the architect of the legendary 'land to the landless tiller' legislation which uplifted the masses of J&K.  His legal acumen and genius was admired by friends and foes.  He was also known as the brain behind Sheikh Abdullah.  His legal acumen was lauded by the imminent legal luminary G.S. Pathak, who later became the Vice President of India, who proclaimed "Beg Sahab, you come out of politics and be a permanent part of the legal profession, you can be a jewel of any Bar" (after hearing his arguments in the Kashmir Conspiracy case).  He was immensely popular amongst his people and was perceived as the successor to Sheikh Mohd.  Abdullah.  He served as the first Deputy Chief Minister of the state of J&K and was seen discharging the most important functions in the State with his sheer brilliance.  Historians of JK Politics hold him solely for National Conference's landslide win in the 1977 assembly elections when he single-handedly ran the NC's campaign.  He is survived by three sons and three daughters.  His eldest son Dr Mirza Mohammad Aijaz beg is a very renowned medico and has served state government for about forty years and retired as Deputy director health services.  He is the only son who has been residing at ancestral place throughout.  He was never interested in politics and has got a great rapport of being pious and honest administrator and human being.  His second son Mirza Mehboob Beg took on his father's mantle and is also a widely respected and envied politician in the state.  The Beg family enjoys a very good rapport with the people and are widely respected for their honesty and integrity.
