[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Catching Fire
Catching Fire is a 2009 science fiction young adult novel by the American novelist Suzanne Collins, the second book in "The Hunger Games trilogy".  As the sequel to the 2008 bestseller "The Hunger Games", it continues the story of Katniss Everdeen and the post-apocalyptic nation of Panem.  Following the events of the previous novel, a rebellion against the oppressive Capitol has begun, and Katniss and fellow tribute Peeta Mellark are forced to return to the arena in a special edition of the Hunger Games.

[title] Oil well fire
Oil well fires are oil or gas wells that have caught on fire and burn.  Oil well fires can be the result of human actions, such as accidents or arson, or natural events, such as lightning.  They can exist on a small scale, such as an oil field spill catching fire, or on a huge scale, as in geyser-like jets of flames from ignited high pressure wells.  A frequent cause of a well fire is a high-pressure blowout during drilling operations.

[title] H2O: Footprints in the Sand
HO: Footprints in the Sand is a Japanese adult visual novel by Makura that was released on June 23, 2006 for the PC as a DVD; a version playable on the PlayStation 2 under the title "HO +" followed on April 24, 2008 with adult content removed, but in its place will be additional scenarios and graphics not seen in the original release.  "HO" is Makura's first game; a sequel named "Root After and Another" was later produced in October 2007.  The gameplay in "HO" follows a plot line that offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the three female main characters.  There are two modes of gameplay, the Blindness Effect and Normal Effect, where the former plays on the fact that the protagonist is blind, and the latter mode removes the added element of gameplay the Blindness Effect has.  The story is broken into three parts: the original introduction and meeting, following by a separation and reunion, and finally ending with the protagonist choosing one of the girls and spending the rest of the game with her.

[title] To Heart 2
To Heart 2 (トゥハート２ , Tu Hāto 2 ) , stylized as ToHeart2, is a Japanese romance visual novel developed by Leaf and published by Aquaplus.  It was first released for the PlayStation 2 on December 28, 2004 as an all-ages title, and was followed by an adult version playable on Microsoft Windows and subsequent all-ages versions for the PlayStation Portable and PlayStation 3.  This deviated from the release history of the game's predecessor, "To Heart", which was originally released with adult content prior to receiving versions with such content removed.  The gameplay in "To Heart 2" follows a branching plot line with multiple endings, which offers pre-determined scenarios and courses of interaction based on the player's decisions.  Its story centers on the male protagonist Takaaki Kouno, and focuses on the appeal of the female main characters.

[title] The Hunger Games (novel)
The Hunger Games is a 2008 dystopian novel by the American writer Suzanne Collins.  It is written in the voice of 16-year-old Katniss Everdeen, who lives in the future, post-apocalyptic nation of Panem in North America.  The Capitol, a highly advanced metropolis, exercises political control over the rest of the nation.  The Hunger Games is an annual event in which one boy and one girl aged 12–18 from each of the twelve districts surrounding the Capitol are selected by lottery to compete in a televised battle to the death.

[title] Moon (visual novel)
Moon (styled as Moon.)  is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Tactics, a brand of Nexton, released on November 21, 1997 playable on Windows PCs.  The game was described by the development team as a "Reaching the Heart AVG" (心に届くAVG , Kokoro ni Todoku AVG ) .  The story follows the protagonist Ikumi Amasawa, a girl who joins an organization called Fargo in the hopes of discovering why and how her mother died, who was a member of the same group.  The gameplay in "Moon" follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the three female main characters.  The game ranked twice in the national top 50 for best-selling PC games sold in Japan.

[title] Dōsei
Dōsei (同棲 , lit. " Cohabitation") is a Japanese adult social simulation game developed by Tactics, a brand of Nexton.  It was released on May 23, 1997 for Windows PCs, the same day as "To Heart" by Leaf.  The gameplay in "Dōsei" follows a branching plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the sole female main character Manami Minase.  The player assumes the role of protagonist Masaki Yamada who is living with Manami shortly after they have graduated from high school.  Masaki earns money at a job, and when he returns home will have sex with Manami often; this process of work in the day, and sex at night repeats many times throughout gameplay.

[title] The Hunger Games: Catching Fire
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire is a 2013 American dystopian science fiction adventure film based on Suzanne Collins' dystopian novel, "Catching Fire" (2009), the second installment in "The Hunger Games" trilogy.  The film is the sequel to "The Hunger Games" (2012) and the second installment in "The Hunger Games" film series, produced by Nina Jacobson and Jon Kilik, and distributed by Lionsgate.  Francis Lawrence directed the film, with a screenplay by Simon Beaufoy and Michael Arndt.  Adding to the existing cast, the supporting cast was filled out with Philip Seymour Hoffman, Jeffrey Wright, Jena Malone, Sam Claflin, Lynn Cohen, Amanda Plummer, Alan Ritchson, and Meta Golding.  Filming began on September 10, 2012, in Atlanta, Georgia, before moving to Hawaii.  The plot of "Catching Fire" takes place a few months after the previous installment; Katniss Everdeen and fellow District 12 tribute Peeta Mellark have returned home safely after winning the 74th Annual Hunger Games.  Throughout the story, Katniss senses that a rebellion against the oppressive Capitol is simmering throughout the districts.

[title] Tenshin Ranman: Lucky or Unlucky!?
Tenshin Ranman: Lucky or Unlucky!?  (天神乱漫 -LUCKY or UNLUCKY!? - ) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Yuzusoft, and released for the PC on May 29, 2009.  The game was later ported to the PlayStation Portable console by Russell on March 25, 2010, under the title "Tenshin Ranman - Happy Go Lucky!!" .  The gameplay in "Tenshin Ranman" follows a plot line which offers pre-determined scenarios with courses of interaction, and focuses on the appeal of the four female main characters.  The story revolves around Haruki Chitose, the very unfortunate protagonist, and older brother of Sana Chitose.  One day, he receives a parcel containing something he would never have thought.

[title] Hello, Good-bye
Hello, Good-bye (ハローグッドバイ , Harō Guddobai ) is a Japanese adult visual novel developed and published by Lump of Sugar.  It was released on December 17, 2010 for Windows as Lump of Sugar's sixth title.  A trial edition was released in October 2010 rated for all ages.  The primary focus of the game is the appeal of the four female main characters.  The story resolves around the protagonist, Kaito Toubu, who is actually a secret agent with the ability to experience time loops.
