[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] WizKids
WizKids/NECA, LLC is an American company based in New Jersey that first made its mark in the game industry producing collectible miniatures wargames.  WizKids was purchased by and is a subsidiary of National Entertainment Collectibles Association.  The company was founded in 2000 by Jordan Weisman, a veteran of the game company FASA.  It was purchased by sports-card manufacturer Topps, Inc. in 2003.  (Topps was, in turn, acquired by Michael Eisner's Tornante Company and Madison Dearborn Partners in 2007.)

[title] Aixam
Aixam-Mega is a French automobile manufacturer based in Aix-les-Bains, Savoie.  It was founded in 1983 to make microcars following the acquisition of Arola.  On April 11, 2013, US based Polaris Industries announced that it had acquired Aixam-Mega.

[title] Arola (microcar)
Arola SARL was a small manufacturing company based in Lyon-Corbas, France, which manufactured a range of microcars, designed to be driven without a licence.  Arola became part of the Aixam group in 1983.

[title] Knapp, Stout &amp; Co.
Knapp, Stout & Co. was a lumber company based in Menomonie, Wisconsin in the 19th and early 20th centuries.  The company was established in 1846, when John Holly Knapp and William Wilson purchased half of interest in a lumber mill on the Red Cedar River from David Black; it was originally known as Black & Knapp.  Later Andrew Tainter acquired a quarter-interest, and the company has become Knapp-Tainter Lumber Company.  Henry Stout bought a quarter interest in the company in 1853, and its name became Knapp, Stout & Company.  The company's location allowed it to control the lumber industry in the region, and by 1870 it controlled the logging industry in the Red Cedar River valley.  In 1878, the company incorporated, and its official name became the Knapp, Stout & Co., Company.  The company employed over 2,000 workers in the Menomonie area and produced 85 million board feet of lumber on average yearly from 1871 to 1896; its output made it the largest lumber company in the world.  In the 1880s, the company expanded to sites along the Mississippi River, opening offices in Dubuque, Iowa, Read's Landing, Minnesota, and St. Louis.  By the 1900s, the company had largely depleted its lumber supply; it closed many of its camps and dissolved early in the 20th century.  The company sent out its last shipment of lumber on August 12, 1901.

[title] Syncros
Syncros is a brand of bicycle components, with an emphasis on off-road bicycle parts.  Founded by Peter Hamilton and Pippin Osborne in 1986 and originally based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Syncros had its heyday in the early 1990s as one of the earliest and most sought-after brands of high end aftermarket off-road bicycle parts.  In the late 1990s, the company had financial difficulties and was sold to the large U.S. based bicycle company GT.  Shortly thereafter, GT itself was purchased by Schwinn, which in turn was purchased by Pacific Bicycle Group, a large Taiwanese conglomerate known mainly for low end, mass market bicycles and parts.  Pacific was quick to try to capitalize on the Syncros brand name, and used the Syncros label on many cheaply produced OEM parts, severely damaging the brand's reputation.  Due to a lapse in trademark registration in the early 2000s, the Syncros brand name was briefly grabbed in the UK by Super Cycles of Nottingham.  However, a settlement was reached between Super Cycles and Pacific, resulting in Pacific regaining control of the brand name.

[title] Murco Petroleum
Murco Petroleum Ltd is a United Kingdom based oil refining company.  It was set up by Murphy Oil Corporation in 1960.  The company owns a forecourt based chain of Costcutter convenience stores.  In 1981, Murco purchased an 30% stake in Amoco's Milford Haven Refinery, and in 2007, they purchased the remaining 70%.

[title] I. G. Baker Company
The I. G. Baker Company was a mercantile and grocery company based in Fort Benton, Montana, started by Isaac Gilbert Baker and his brother, George Amos Baker, as I. G. Baker & Brother in 1866.  After the Conrad brothers (Charles E. & Wm. G.) were admitted as partners in 1873, the company name was changed to I. G. Baker & Co., which name was retained after the Conrads purchased George Baker’s interest in 1874.  In 1891, the Canadian assets of the company were purchased by its chief rival there, the Hudson's Bay Company.

[title] Cliché Skateboards
Cliché Skateboards was a skateboard company based in Lyon, France and distributed by the American company Dwindle Distribution.  The company was established in 1997 by French professional skateboarder Jeremie Daclin.  In 2001, Cliché was purchased by the France-based Salomon Group which in 2005 became a part of Amer Sports.  In 2009, US-based Dwindle Distribution purchased the company from the Salomon Group.  In November 2016, Dwindle announced that they would be discontinuing the brand.

[title] Budd Silverliner
The Budd Silverliner a model of Electric Multiple Unit railcar was designed and built by the Budd Company with 59 examples being delivered starting in 1963.  55 of the cars were purchased for the Reading and Pennsylvania Railroads with public funds for use in Philadelphia, PA area commuter rail service with the remaining 4 cars being purchased by USDOT for use in high-speed rail experiments in 1965.  Based on a series of 6 prototype Pioneer III cars built in 1958, the Silverliners represented the first production order of "modern" commuter MU equipment purchased by either railroad and earned their name from their unpainted stainless steel construction which contrasted with the painted carbon steel bodies of the pre-war MU fleets.  The cars became a fixture of SEPTA Regional Rail service providing the name to their entire series of EMU railcars before finally being retired in 2012 after 49 years in service.

[title] Polaris Industries
Polaris Industries is an American manufacturer of snowmobiles, ATV, and neighborhood electric vehicles.  Polaris is based in Roseau, Minnesota, USA.  The company also manufactures motorcycles through its Victory Motorcycles subsidiary and through the Indian Motorcycle subsidiary which it purchased in April 2011.  Polaris no longer produces watercraft.
