[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] International House (1933 film)
International House is a 1933 American pre-Code comedy film starring Peggy Hopkins Joyce and W. C. Fields, directed by A. Edward Sutherland and released by Paramount Pictures.  The tagline of the film was "The Grand Hotel of comedy".  It is a mixture of comedy and musical acts tied together by a slim plot line, in the style of the Big Broadcast pictures that were also released by Paramount during the 1930s.  In addition to some typical comedic lunacy from W. C. Fields and Burns and Allen, it provides a snapshot of some popular stage and radio acts of the era.  The film includes some risqué pre-Code humor.

[title] Ginger Rogers
Ginger Rogers (born Virginia Katherine McMath; July 16, 1911 – April 25, 1995) was an American actress, dancer, and singer, widely known for performing in films and RKO's musical films, partnered with Fred Astaire.  She appeared on stage, as well as on radio and television, throughout much of the 20th century.

[title] Hat Check Girl
Hat Check Girl is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Sidney Lanfield and written by Barry Conners and Philip Klein.  The film stars Sally Eilers, Ben Lyon, Ginger Rogers and Monroe Owsley.  The film was released on October 8, 1932, by Fox Film Corporation.

[title] The Big Shot (1931 film)
The Big Shot is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Ralph Murphy and written by Earl Baldwin, Hal Conklin, George Dromgold, and Joseph Fields.  The film stars Eddie Quillan, Maureen O'Sullivan, Mary Nolan, Roscoe Ates and Belle Bennett.  The film was released on December 18, 1931, by RKO Pictures.

[title] Sweepstakes (film)
Sweepstakes is a 1931 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Albert S. Rogell from a screenplay written by Lew Lipton and Ralph Murphy.  The film stars Eddie Quillan, James Gleason, Marian Nixon, Lew Cody, and Paul Hurst, which centers around the travails and romances of jockey Buddy Doyle, known as the "Whoop-te-doo Kid" for his trademark yell during races.  Produced by the newly formed RKO Pathé Pictures, this was the first film Charles R. Rogers would produce for the studio, after he replaced William LeBaron as head of production.  The film was released on July 10, 1931, through RKO Radio Pictures.

[title] Ladies of the Jury
Ladies of the Jury is a 1932 American pre-Code comedy film directed by Lowell Sherman and written by Marion Dix, Edward Salisbury Field and Eddie Welch.  The film stars Edna May Oliver, Jill Esmond, Ken Murray, Roscoe Ates and Kitty Kelly.  The film was released on February 5, 1932, by RKO Pictures. .  It was based on the 1929 play, "Ladies of the Jury", written by John Frederick Ballard.

[title] Cracked Nuts
Cracked Nuts is a 1931 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Edward F. Cline, from an original screenplay written by Al Boasberg and Ralph Spence.  The film stars the comedy duo Wheeler & Woolsey (Bert Wheeler and Robert Woolsey), as well as Dorothy Lee.  It also features Boris Karloff in a small supporting role.  The film was one of RKO's only financial successes of the year.

[title] The Half-Naked Truth
The Half-Naked Truth is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by Gregory LaCava and featuring Lee Tracy as a carnival pitchman who finagles his girlfriend, a fiery hoochie dancer played by Lupe Vélez, into a major Broadway revue under the auspices of an impresario portrayed by Frank Morgan.  The film was released on December 16, 1932, by RKO Radio Pictures.

[title] The Gay Nighties
The Gay Nighties is a 1933 American Pre-Code comedy film featuring Clark & McCullough and directed by Mark Sandrich.

[title] Little Orphan Annie (1932 film)
Little Orphan Annie is a 1932 American Pre-Code comedy film directed by John S. Robertson and written by Wanda Tuchock and Tom McNamara.  It is based on the comic strip "Little Orphan Annie" by Harold Gray.  The film stars Mitzi Green, Buster Phelps, May Robson, Matt Moore and Edgar Kennedy.  The film was released on November 4, 1932, by RKO Pictures.
