[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Iqaluit Airport
Iqaluit Airport (IATA: YFB, ICAO: CYFB) serves Iqaluit, Nunavut, Canada and is located adjacent to the town.  It is operated by the government of Nunavut.  It hosts scheduled passenger service from Ottawa, Montreal, Rankin Inlet and Kuujjuaq on carriers such as First Air and Canadian North, and from smaller communities throughout eastern Nunavut.  It is also used as a forward operating base by the CF-18 Hornet.  In 2011, the terminal handled more than 120,000 passengers.

[title] Frobisher Bay Air Base
Frobisher Bay Air Base is a former United States Air Force facility adjacent to the then town of Frobisher Bay, Northwest Territories (now Iqaluit, Nunavut); 1299 mi north of Ottawa, Ontario.  It was closed in 1963 and became a civilian airport Frobisher Bay Airport (Iqaluit Airport since 1987).

[title] Lawren Harris
Lawren Stewart Harris, CC (October 23, 1885 – January 29, 1970) was a Canadian painter.  He was born in Brantford, Ontario, and is best known as a member of the Group of Seven who pioneered a distinctly Canadian painting style in the early twentieth century.  A. Y. Jackson has been quoted as saying that Harris provided the stimulus for the Group of Seven.  During the 1920s, Harris's works became more abstract and simplified, especially his stark landscapes of the Canadian north and Arctic.  He also stopped signing and dating his works so that people would judge his works on their own merit and not by the artist or when they were painted.  In 1969, he was made a Companion of the Order of Canada.

[title] Frank Wolf (adventurer)
Frank Wolf (born 1970) is a Canadian adventurer, filmmaker, writer and environmentalist.  He is known for films, feature magazine articles, and online columns that document wilderness expeditions around the world, with a focus on the Canadian North.  His expeditions include being the first to canoe across Canada in one season and cycling 2,000 km in winter on the Yukon River from Dawson to Nome.  His films include "Wild Ones", "The Hand of Franklin", "Kitturiaq", "On the Line", "Mammalian", and "Borealis", all of which broadcast on CBC's "documentary "channel in Canada.  In 2012 he was named one of Canada's Top Ten Adventurers by Explore Magazine, and in 2015 he was named One of Canada's Top 100 Explorers by Canadian Geographic Magazine.

[title] Selwyn Egerton Sangster
Selwyn Egerton Sangster, known as Canuck, was a Canadian outdoorsman and writer.  He lived 1883 to 1966.  He was a member of the Canadian North West Mounted Police, and for years attached to the Canadian Indian Service.  He founded a hunting and fishing outfitting organisation in the Height of Land region of North Canada.

[title] Canadian North
Canadian North Inc. is an airline headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.  It operates scheduled passenger services to communities in the Northwest Territories and Nunavut.  Southern gateways include Edmonton and Ottawa.  Its main base is Edmonton Airport.

[title] Nunatsiaq News
Nunatsiaq News (Inuktitut: ᓄᓇᑦᓯᐊᕐᒥ ᐱᕙᓪᓕᐊᔪᑦ ) is a Canadian weekly newspaper based in Iqaluit, Nunavut serving Nunavut and the Nunavik region of northern Quebec and has been in operation since 1973.  The paper, published every Friday by Nortext Publishing Corporation of Iqaluit and Ottawa, bears a retail price of $1.00.  Co-op stores in Nunavut and Nunavik distribute it to their customers for free.

[title] Air Nunavut
Air Nunavut is an airline based in Iqaluit, Nunavut, Canada.  It is the only local and Inuit-owned air carrier in the eastern Arctic, operating MEDEVAC and charter services throughout Canada's Arctic, northern Quebec and Greenland.  Its main base is Iqaluit Airport.

[title] First Air
Bradley Air Services Limited, operating as First Air, is an airline headquartered in Kanata, a suburb of Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.  It operates services to 34 communities in Nunavut, Nunavik, and the Northwest Territories.  The majority of its fleet is available for charters worldwide.  First Air has assisted in various humanitarian missions such as the 2010 Haiti earthquake, airlifting relief supplies and equipment.  Its main base, which includes a large hangar, cargo and maintenance facility, is located at Ottawa Macdonald–Cartier International Airport, with hubs at Iqaluit Airport, Rankin Inlet Airport and Yellowknife Airport.

[title] Bernard Émond
Bernard Émond (born Montreal 1951) is a Québecois and Canadian director, screenwriter, novelist and essayist working in the French-language.  He studied anthropology at university and lived for several years in the Canadian north where he worked for the Inuit Broadcasting Corporation.  He began his film career making documentaries, later moving to feature-length films, all of which have been shot in Quebec.  He is noted for the humanistic, sometimes spiritual depth of his films, in particular his trilogy of feature films (2007, 2009, 2012) based on the three Christian virtues, faith, hope, and charity.  Other themes in his work include human dignity and frailty, and cultural loss.  He describes himself as an agnostic and a "conservative socialist."
