[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Pam Veasey
Pamela Renea Veasey (born May 25, 1962) is an American television writer, producer and director.

[title] All the Vermeers in New York
All the Vermeers in New York is a 1990 American film written, directed and produced by Jon Jost.

[title] Marc Veasey
Marc Allison Veasey (born January 3, 1971) is an American politician from Fort Worth, Texas.  Veasey is currently the United States Representative for Texas's 33rd congressional district, winning the office in November 2012.  Previously he was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 2005 to 2013, where he served as Chair Pro Tempore of the House Democratic Caucus.  He is a member of the Democratic Party.

[title] Black Merda
Black Merda ( ) is an American rock band from Detroit, active from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s and reuniting in 2005.  The core band members are guitarist/vocalist Anthony Hawkins, bassist/guitarist/vocalist VC L. Veasey, and guitarist/vocalist Charles Hawkins, plus original drummer/vocalist Tyrone Hite.  Hite was a native of Detroit; the Hawkins brothers and Veasey were all born in Mississippi and came of age in Detroit.

[title] Dale Veasey
Todd Dale Veasey (born May 20, 1960) is a retired American professional wrestler, better known by his ringnames Dale Veasey and Lt. James Earl Wright, who competed in North American regional promotions including the Mid-South region and the National Wrestling Alliance, particularly the Georgia and Florida territories, as well as brief stints in the World Wrestling Federation and World Championship Wrestling, most notably as one half of the tag team State Patrol with Buddy Lee Parker during the 1990s.

[title] Over Here (film)
Over Here is a 2007 drama film directed by Jon Jost and starring Ryan Harper Gray.

[title] Last Chants for a Slow Dance
Last Chants for a Slow Dance is a 1977 American drama film directed by Jon Jost and starring Tom Blair.

[title] Emmanuelle Chaulet
Emmanuelle Chaulet is a French actress.  She starred in Eric Rohmer's 1987 comedy "Boyfriends and Girlfriends" and Jon Jost's 1990 film "All the Vermeers in New York".

[title] List of CSI: Cyber episodes
"", a CBS crime drama starring Patricia Arquette and Ted Danson, was originally introduced during a 2014 episode of "".  The series premiered on March 4, 2015.  Created by Carol Mendelsohn, Ann Donahue and Anthony E. Zuiker, and executive produced by Mendelsohn, Donahue, Zuiker, Jerry Bruckheimer, and Pam Veasey, "Cyber" follows the work of Mary Aiken inspired Avery Ryan, Ph.D. (Arquette), the Deputy Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and a former psychologist tasked with working on the dark web.  She works alongside D.B. Russell (Danson), a "" ex-pat, the civilian Director of Next-Gen Forensics, and a seasoned investigator.  James Van Der Beek, Peter MacNicol, Shad Moss, Charley Koontz, and Hayley Kiyoko also star.

[title] Jon Jost
Jon Jost (born 16 May 1943 in Chicago) is an American independent filmmaker.
