[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] 655 Park Avenue
655 Park Avenue is a Georgian-style co-op residential building on Manhattan's Upper East Side, located on Park Avenue between 67th Street and 68th Street, adjacent to the Park Avenue Armory.  It was developed in 1924 by Dwight P. Robinson & Company.  The building at 655 Park Avenue was designed by architects James Edwin Ruthven Carpenter, Jr., often referred to by the initials "J.E.R. Carpenter", and Mott B. Schmidt.  Carpenter is considered the leading architect for luxury residential high-rise buildings in New York City in the early 1900s, while Schmidt is known for his buildings in the American Georgian Classical style, including Sutton Place and houses for New York City's society figures and business elite.

[title] 101 Park Avenue
101 Park Avenue is a 629 ft tall skyscraper in New York City, New York.  It was completed in 1979 to 1982 and has 49 floors.  Eli Attia Architects designed the building, which is the 64th tallest in New York.

[title] South Phoenix
South Phoenix is a region of Phoenix, Arizona, with the boundaries of the Gila River Indian Community to the south and west, 48th Street or Interstate-10 (Phoenix/Tempe and Phoenix/Chandler borders) to the east, and the Salt River to the north.  This area includes Phoenix's following Urban Villages: South Mountain Village (aka South Mountain District) along with Laveen Village and Ahwatukee Village.  The area is sometimes simply referred to as "the Southside" by its residents.  Major arterial east-west streets include Broadway Road, Southern Avenue, Baseline Road, Dobbins Road, Elliott Road, Warner Road, Chandler Boulevard, and Pecos Road, most of which connect South Phoenix with the suburbs of Tempe and Chandler.  Major arterial south-north streets include 24th Street, 16th Street, 7th Street, Central Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 19th Avenue connecting South Mountain Village to Central and North Phoenix; 27th Avenue, 35th Avenue, 43rd Avenue, 51st Avenue, 59th Avenue, 67th Avenue, and 75th Avenue connecting Laveen to west Phoenix; and 32nd Street, 40th Street, and 48th Street connecting South Mountain Village to east Phoenix and Tempe.

[title] 750 7th Avenue
750 Seventh Avenue is a 615 ft (187m) tall Class-A office skyscraper in New York City.  It was completed in 1989 in the postmodern style and has 36 floors.  Kevin Roche John Dinkeloo & Associates designed the building, and it is owned by Hines, a Texas based real estate investment company.  The building's continuous helix design, culminating in a chimney-like extension, was caused by the New York City Building Code, which requires setbacks.  The 84 exterior column transfers exist because of the owner's requirement for a column-free space.  It is tied with the New York Life Building for the 74th tallest building in New York City.  It is also LEED certified.

[title] Berkeley, Denver
Berkeley is a city-center neighborhood in Denver, Colorado, located in the area traditionally called Northwest Denver, on the west side of Interstate 25 and just south of Interstate 70.  The neighborhood is bounded by Federal Boulevard on the east, I-70 on the north, Sheridan Boulevard on the West and 38th avenue on the south.  It is bordered by the West Highland neighborhood on the south and is often erroneously grouped together with the Highlands.  The neighborhood contains two lakes surrounded by parks, one eponymous (stretching from 46th Avenue to I-70 and Sheridan Boulevard to Tennyson Street) and Rocky Mountain Lake Park (stretching from Lowell Boulevard to Grove Street and 46th Avenue to I-70).  Berkeley Park also contains the William Scheitler Recreation Center, run by the City and County of Denver and including both indoor and outdoor public pools.  Berkeley has experienced rapid growth and rise in property values in the last 20 years and particularly since the closing of Elitch Gardens Amusement Park in October 1994.  Particularly, Tennyson Street has become a commercial and cultural center for Northwest Denver, beginning in the current decade to rival Highland Square in nearby Highland.  City Congressman Rick Garcia pushed for the further development of Tennyson Street in the November 2011 election season and succeeded in obtaining the voters' approval for $2.5 million in public works funding.  Business owners on Tennyson from 48th Avenue to 38th Avenue currently collaborate in an Art Walk held on the first Friday of every month.

[title] Church of St. Ignatius Loyola (New York City)
The Church of St. Ignatius of Loyola is a Roman Catholic parish church located on the Upper East Side of Manhattan, New York City, administered by the Society of Jesus (Jesuits).  The parish is under the authority of the Archdiocese of New York, and was established in 1851 as St. Lawrence O'Toole's Church.  In 1898, permission to change the patron saint of the parish from St. Lawrence O’Toole to St. Ignatius of Loyola was granted by Rome.  The address is 980 Park Avenue, New York City, New York 10028.  The church on the southwest corner of Park Avenue and 84th Street is part of a Jesuit complex on the block that includes Wallace Hall, the parish hall, beneath the church, the rectory at the midblock location on Park Avenue, the grade school of St. Ignatius's School on the north midblock location of 84th Street behind the church and the high school of Loyola School (also 980 Park Avenue) at the northwest corner of Park Avenue and 83rd Street.  In addition, another Jesuit high school, Regis High School (55 E 84th Street), occupies the midblock location on the north side of 84th Street.  The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on July 24, 1980.

[title] Squire Park, Seattle
Squire Park is a district in the city of Seattle, in the U.S. state of Washington.  According to the Squire Park Community Council, it is bounded on the south by S. Jackson Street, on the west by 12th Avenue and 12th Avenue S., on the north by E. Union Street, and on the east by 23rd Avenue and 23rd Avenue S., placing it within what are commonly thought of as First Hill and the Central District.  Its main thoroughfares are E. Jefferson and Cherry Streets and E. Yesler Way (east- and west-bound) and 14th Avenue (north- and south-bound).  Swedish Medical Center's Cherry Hill campus is located here, Seattle University, a Jesuit University has part of its campus in Squire Park, as the Admissions, some dormitories and Athletics departments are east of 12th Avenue.

[title] Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill, Calgary
Hounsfield Heights/Briar Hill is an inner suburban neighbourhood in northwest Calgary, Alberta, Canada.  Located north of the Hillhurst and West Hillhurst communities, the boundaries of the district are 16th Avenue N (Trans-Canada Highway)to the north; 14th Street W to the east; Lane north of 7th Avenue N to 19th Street W and 8th Avenue N to the south; and Crowchild Trail, 12th Avenue N, Juniper Road, and 22nd Street W to the west.  Lions Park C-Train station is located within the community.  The community is built on an escarpment and is popular for its views of downtown to the south and the Rocky Mountains to the west.

[title] Greenwich Avenue
Greenwich Avenue, formerly Greenwich Lane, is a southeast-northwest avenue located in the Greenwich Village neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.  It extends from the intersection of 6th Avenue and 8th Street at its southeast end to its northwestern end at 8th Avenue between 14th Street and 13th Street.  It is sometimes confused with Greenwich Street.  Construction of West Village Park, bounded by Greenwich Avenue, 7th Avenue, and 12th Street, began in 2016.

[title] Tinley Park station
Tinley Park Station (also known as Tinley Park-Oak Park Avenue Station) is an elaborate commuter railroad station along Metra's Rock Island District line in Tinley Park, Illinois.  The station is officially located at 6700 South Street between Oak Park Avenue and 66th Court, however parking is also available on the opposite side of the station along North Street between Oak Park Avenue and 67th Avenue, as well as the center of the block of Oak Park Avenue, 173rd Street, 67th Court and 172nd Street.  Another parking area exists along South Street opposite the main parking lot at the station.  The station itself is lies 23.5 mi away from LaSalle Street, the northern terminus of the line.
