[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Mocean 8
Mocean 8 is a Boston, Massachusetts, United States based acoustic rock band consisting of Dan McQueen (guitarist/singer), Jim Corcoran (percussion), Mike Hartman (Bass), and Justin Corcoran (drums/guitar).  Since 2002 Mocean 8 has been working together to form a groove rock band that is as close as family (which they are).  The two drummers are cousins, the percussionist's sister is the lead singer's fiancé, and the bassist is the lead guitarist's uncle.

[title] In the Mountain in the Cloud
In the Mountain in the Cloud is the sixth studio album by Alaskan psychedelic rock band Portugal.  The Man.  It was recorded over a period of eight months, and produced by John Hill, the band's frontman John Gourley, and Casey Bates.  The album was released on July 19, 2011 through Atlantic Records and is Portugal.  The Man's major-label debut.

[title] Modest Mouse
Modest Mouse is an American rock band formed in 1992 in Issaquah, Washington (a suburb of Seattle), and currently based in Portland, Oregon.  The founding members are lead singer/guitarist Isaac Brock, drummer Jeremiah Green, and bassist Eric Judy.  Strongly influenced by groups Pavement, the Pixies, XTC, and Talking Heads, the band rehearsed, rearranged, and recorded demos for almost two years before finally signing with small-town indie label, K Records, and releasing numerous singles.  Since the band's 1996 debut album, "This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About", the group's lineup has centered on Brock and Green.  Judy performed on every Modest Mouse album until his departure in 2012.  Guitarist Johnny Marr (formerly of the Smiths) joined the band in 2006, shortly following percussionist Joe Plummer (formerly of the Black Heart Procession) and multi-instrumentalist Tom Peloso, to work on the album "We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank".  Guitarist Jim Fairchild joined the band in 2009.  The band's sixth album, "Strangers to Ourselves", was released on March 17, 2015.

[title] Portugal. The Man discography
The discography of American rock band Portugal.  The Man consists of eight studio albums, four extended plays (EPs) and eleven singles.  The band was formed in 2004 in Wasilla, Alaska by John Gourley, Zach Carothers, Kyle O'Quin, Jason Sechrist and Eric Howk.

[title] Waiter: &quot;You Vultures!&quot;
Waiter: "You Vultures!"  is the debut full length album by the Alaskan experimental rock band Portugal.  The Man.  It is lead singer John Gourley's first album released after leaving the band Anatomy of a Ghost.  It is the band's only album before 2009's "The Satanic Satanist" to use a heavy amount of electronic drums and synthesizers.

[title] The Studdogs
The Studdogs was a rock band from Orlando, Florida.  The band's music contains elements of punk, blues rock, garage rock, and noise rock.  The band was formed in 2000 and stayed active until 2005.  They released a lot of material, particularly the full-length album, "The Gospel According to the Studdogs" and the 7" vinyl 3-song EP, and gained local and national notoriety.  They were featured in several national music magazines, including Magnet and Amplifier.  Comparisons were made to the Stooges, Dead Boys, and it was said they sounded "like absolute victory by way of slurring, Rolling Stones-y garage rock from nowhere in particular."  Their drunken, abrasive live shows often ended with someone bleeding or being thrown out of the venue.  Their live shows were said to be "what Howling Wolf would sound like through a wall of noise and distortion."  The band was signed by Orange Recordings in Los Angeles and toured all over the country, sharing bills with the Demolition Doll Rods, Bob Log III, The Fleshtones, and Immortal Lee County Killers and a one-time show with the Suicide Girls Burlesque Tour in Orlando.  While in the Studdogs, Rich Evans began promoting concerts under the tag "Mutiny Productions".  He now heads the independent "Florida's Dying" label, promoting and releasing material from the Florida-underground music scene.  Kyle Justin joined the band on drums in early 2002 to replace Jason, who was moving to Texas.  Kyle vacated his position as drummer in 2003 to pursue a music career in Los Angeles.  Eric Gebhardt left the band in 2005 to pursue a solo career under the alias Red Mouth.

[title] John Gourley
John Baldwin Gourley (born 1981) is an American musician, singer, and songwriter from Alaska.  He is the lead singer and guitarist in the Portland, Oregon rock band Portugal.  The Man.  Gourley was previously the lead singer in screamo punk band, Anatomy of a Ghost.  Gourley is also a visual artist, who often uses the alias The Fantastic The.

[title] Portugal. The Man
Portugal.  The Man is an American rock band from Wasilla, Alaska.  The group consists of John Gourley, Zach Carothers, Kyle O'Quin, Jason Sechrist and Eric Howk.  Gourley and Carothers met and began playing music together originally at Wasilla High School in Wasilla, Alaska.  Their first two albums were released on Fearless Records.  On April 2, 2010, the band signed to Atlantic Records.

[title] The Satanic Satanist
The Satanic Satanist is the fourth full-length album from Alaskan experimental rock band Portugal.  The Man.  The album's artwork is a combination of photographs and watercolor illustrations by lead singer John Gourley.

[title] Hutch Harris
Hutch Harris is an American songwriter and musician, and the lead guitarist/vocalist of Portland, Oregon rock band The Thermals.  He also writes and performs under the name Forbidden Friends.
