[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] ForPlay
ForPlay is the first EP by American indie rock band Saint Motel.  The album had a music video for every song that was also included on the CD itself.

[title] Lior Goldenberg
Lior Goldenberg (born September 28, 1974) is a producer and mixer from Tel Aviv, Israel.  He currently resides in Los Angeles, California.  He has worked with Rancid, Macy Gray, Sheryl Crow, MxPx, Vanessa Carlton, Marilyn Manson, Andrew W.K., Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, Alanis Morissette, Ziggy Marley, and indie bands Allen Stone, Crash Kings, Saint Motel and Wil Seabrook.  He works out of his private studio in Woodland Hills.

[title] My Type
"My Type" is a song by American indie pop band Saint Motel.  It was released as the lead single from their EP of the same name in January 2014.  The song has been featured in two films, "Paper Towns" and "Mr. Right" (both 2015).  The song appeared on the soundtrack of video games "FIFA 15" and "Pro Evolution Soccer 2016".

[title] Saintmotelevision
Saintmotelevision (stylized as saintmotelevision) is the second studio album by American indie pop band Saint Motel.  It was released on October 21, 2016, by Elektra Records.

[title] Curve Lake First Nation
The Curve Lake First Nation is Mississauga Ojibway First Nation located in Peterborough County of Ontario.  The Curve Lake First Nation occupies three reserves; Curve Lake First Nation 35, Curve Lake 35A, and Islands in the Trent Waters Indian Reserve 36A.  The last of these reserves is shared with the Hiawatha First Nation and the Scugog First Nation.  The Curve Lake First Nation registered a population on these three reserves of 741, with an additional 1,050 registered band members living off-reserve.

[title] Voyeur (Saint Motel album)
Voyeur is the debut album by American band Saint Motel, released on July 10, 2012 through OnThe Records.  The album was recorded at the band's Los Angeles studio as well as Crown City Recordings.

[title] Lars Stalfors
Lars Stalfors is an American musician, record producer, writer and mixer based in Los Angeles, CA.  Lars’ most recent credits include Cold War Kids albums “L.A. Divine” (2017) and “Hold My Home” (2014) including the #1 alternative song “First”.  He has also worked with and has new releases on deck with Foster the People, Electric Guest, White Lung, Antwon, HEALTH, Alice Glass, Saint Motel, Local Natives.”

[title] Saint Motel
Saint Motel is an American indie pop band from Los Angeles, whose music has been described as everything from "dream pop" to "indie prog".  The band consists of A/J Jackson (lead vocals, guitar, piano), Aaron Sharp (lead guitar), Dak Lerdamornpong (bass), and Greg Erwin (drums).

[title] Curve (band)
Curve were an English alternative rock and electronica duo from London, formed in 1990 and split in 2005.  The band consisted of Toni Halliday (vocals, occasionally guitar) and Dean Garcia (bass, guitar, drums, programming).  Halliday wrote also the lyrics of their songs and they both contributed to songwriting.  An important collaborator was the producer Alan Moulder, who helped them to shape their blend of heavy beats and densely layered guitar tracks set against Halliday's vocals.

[title] AJ Jackson
A/J Jackson (born Alexander Leonard Jackson) is an American filmmaker and musician from Los Angeles, California.  He produces commercials and music videos, as well writes songs and is lead singer for the band Saint Motel.  He is known for his enthusiastic stage performances.
