[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Chestnut Hill West station
Chestnut Hill West station is a SEPTA Regional Rail station in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  Located at 9 West Evergreen Avenue in the Chestnut Hill neighborhood, it serves the Chestnut Hill West Line.  It was originally built by the Philadelphia, Germantown and Chestnut Hill Railroad between 1883 and 1884, and later acquired by the Pennsylvania Railroad.  In 1918, when the line was electrified, the station was rebuilt to accommodate the upgrade.

[title] List of Boston College Eagles football seasons
The Boston College Eagles college football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision, representing Boston College in the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).  Boston College has played their home games at Alumni Stadium in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts since 1957.  Boston College claims one national championship in 1940, though the NCAA doesn't recognize it, and have played in 22 Bowl Games, winning 13.  With 626 wins over 120 seasons of football, Boston College ranks 51st all-time in win-loss records in the NCAA.  Boston College played as an Independent until joining the Big East Conference in 1991.  Boston College later joined the Atlantic Coast Conference in 2005.

[title] Chestnut Hill (Leesburg, Virginia)
Chestnut Hill is an 18th-century Federal-style mansion north of Leesburg in Loudoun County, Virginia, United States.  Chestnut Hill was a home of Thomson Francis Mason (1785–21 December 1838), a prominent jurist, lawyer, councilman, judge, mayor of Alexandria, and grandson of Founding Father of the United States George Mason.  Chestnut Hill was also a home of Mason's son, Dr. John "Frank" Francis Mason (28 August 1828–4 August 1897).  It is located at 13263 Chestnut Hill Lane near Leesburg.

[title] Old Chestnut Hill Historic District
The Old Chestnut Hill Historic District encompasses the historic residential heart of the Newton portion of Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts.  When first listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1986, the district extended along Hammond Street, between Beacon Street and the MBTA Green Line right-of-way, and along Chestnut Hill Road between Hammond and Essex, including properties along a few adjacent streets.  The district was expanded in 1990 to include more of Chestnut Hill Road and Essex Road, Suffolk Road and the roads between it and Hammond, and a small section south of the Green Line including properties on Hammond Street, Longwood Road, and Middlesex Road.  A further expansion in 1999 added a single property on Suffolk Road.

[title] Boston College
Boston College (also referred to as BC) is a private Jesuit Catholic research university located in the affluent village of Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, United States, 6 mi west of downtown Boston.  It has 9,100 full-time undergraduates and almost 5,000 graduate students.  The university's name reflects its early history as a liberal arts college and preparatory school (now Boston College High School) in Dorchester.  It is a member of the 568 Group and the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities.  Its main campus is a historic district and features some of the earliest examples of collegiate gothic architecture in North America.

[title] 2007 Boston College Eagles football team
The 2007 Boston College Eagles football team represented Boston College during the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season.  It was Boston College's third season as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).  The Eagles were led by Jeff Jagodzinski in his first season as Boston College head coach.  Boston College has been a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference's (ACC) Atlantic Division since joining the league in 2005, after leaving the Big East Conference.  The Eagles played their home games in 2007 at Alumni Stadium in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, which has been their home stadium since 1957.

[title] Jesuit Ivy
"Jesuit Ivy" is the title of a commencement speech delivered at Boston College, a Jesuit university in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts, United States.  The term was coined in a 1956 commencement address by then-Massachusetts Senator John F. Kennedy.  Speaking at the Jesuit university, he was likely making reference to the Ivy League, an athletic conference established in 1954.  The term "Jesuit Ivy" was somewhat of a contradiction in terms.  The Ivy League's members were generally Protestant-founded institutions; Boston College had itself been founded in part because Catholics were being denied admission to Harvard University in the nineteenth century.  The nickname suggested both Boston College's rising stature and the declining prevalence of discrimination at elite American universities.  Kennedy, a Catholic whose family were longtime Boston College benefactors, graduated from Harvard in 1940; as did his father in 1912, and his brothers Joe Jr, Robert and Edward in 1938, 1948 and 1956 respectively.

[title] Stanford University
Stanford University (Stanford; officially Leland Stanford Junior University, colloquially the Farm) is a private research university in Stanford, California, adjacent to Palo Alto and between San Jose and San Francisco.  Stanford's undergraduate program is the most selective in America.  Due to its academic strength, wealth, and proximity to Silicon Valley it is often cited as one of the world's most prestigious universities.

[title] Chestnut Hill Reservoir Historic District
The Chestnut Hill Reservoir Historic District is a historic district encompassing the Chestnut Hill Reservoir and the surrounding water works facilities which were historically used to provide fresh water to Boston, Massachusetts, and surrounding towns.  The district is nearly coextensive with the Chestnut Hill Reservation, a state park managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation (DCR); those elements of the water works that are still required as an emergency backup are managed by the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority (MWRA).  The reservoir is located between Beacon Street and Commonwealth Avenue in Boston, just east of the Boston College Main Campus Historic District and the Boston-Newton city line.  Most of the water works facilities are also located in Boston; the terminal house of the Sudbury Aqueduct, which is part of this district, is located just over the line in Newton.

[title] Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts
Chestnut Hill is an affluent New England village located six miles (10 km) west of downtown Boston, Massachusetts, United States.  Like all Massachusetts villages, Chestnut Hill is not an incorporated municipal entity.  Unlike most Massachusetts villages, it encompasses parts of three separate municipalities, each located in a different county: the town of Brookline in Norfolk County; the city of Boston in Suffolk County (parts of its neighborhoods of Brighton and West Roxbury), and the city of Newton in Middlesex County.  Chestnut Hill's borders are roughly defined by the 02467 ZIP Code.  Chestnut Hill is not a topographical designation; the name refers to several small hills that overlook the 135-acre (546,000 m) Chestnut Hill Reservoir rather than one particular hill.  Chestnut Hill is best known as the home of Boston College, part of the Boston Marathon route, as well as the Collegiate Gothic canvas of landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted.
