[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Missoula, Montana
Missoula is a city in the U.S. state of Montana and is the county seat of Missoula County.  It is located along the Clark Fork River near its confluences with the Bitterroot and Blackfoot Rivers in western Montana and at the convergence of five mountain ranges, thus is often described as the "hub of five valleys".  In 2016 , the United States Census Bureau estimated the city's population at 72,364 and the population of the Missoula Metropolitan Area at 116,130.  In the 1990s, Missoula overtook GreatFalls as Montana’s second‑largest city, behind Billings.  Missoula is home to the University of Montana, a public research university.

[title] Great Falls, Montana
Great Falls is a city in and the county seat of Cascade County, Montana, United States.  The 2015 census estimate put the population at 59,638.  The population was 58,505 at the 2010 census.  It is the principal city of the Great Falls, Montana Metropolitan Statistical Area, which encompasses all of Cascade County and has a population of 82,278.  Great Falls was the largest city in Montana from 1950 to 1970, when Billings surpassed it.  Great Falls remained the second largest city in Montana until 2000, when it was passed by Missoula.  Since then Great Falls has been the third largest city in the state.

[title] Lynn University
Lynn University is an American private university in Boca Raton, Florida.  It was founded in 1962.  Its students come from all over the USA and approximately 80 other nations: 24% of students have citizenship in countries outside the United States.  The university is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools to award associate's, baccalaureate, master's and doctoral degrees. It is named for the Lynn family (Christine E. and Eugene M. Lynn).  It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 2,100, its setting is suburban, and the campus size is 123 acres.  It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar.  Lynn University's ranking in the 2015 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, Tier 2.

[title] New Providence High School
New Providence High School is a comprehensive public high school in the borough of New Providence, in Union County, New Jersey, United States, operating as the lone secondary school in the New Providence School District, serving students in ninth through twelfth grades. New Providence High School opened on September 8, 1958 with its first graduating class on June 23, 1960.  The school has been accredited by the Middle States Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Secondary Schools since 1965.  The school opened on September 8, 1958, and had its first graduating class of seniors in June 1960.

[title] Montana State University Billings
Montana State University Billings (or MSU Billings) is a state university.  Its main campus is located on 110 acres in downtown Billings, Montana, United States.  Formerly Eastern Montana Normal School when it was founded in 1927, it was then renamed in 1949 to Eastern Montana College of Education.  In 1965, it became a full-fledged four-year college as Eastern Montana College.  It merged with Montana State University in 1994 under its present name.  Currently, the university offers associate’s, bachelor's and master's degrees through the University’s five colleges.  The five colleges of Montana State University Billings are Arts and Sciences, Business, Allied Health professions, Education and City College.  It has the third largest campus population in the Montana State University System.

[title] Media in Missoula, Montana
Since its incorporation in 1885, Missoula, Montana has been one of the primary media markets in the state of Montana, beginning with the weekly newspaper the "Missoula and Cedar Creek Pioneer".  The Missoula single-broadcast over-air television media market has been the largest in Montana (#166 nationally) since 2002.  Though Billings is the largest city in Montana, Missoula's single-broadcast over-air television media market includes Missoula, Ravalli, Granite, Mineral, Lake, Flathead, and Sanders and serves over 113,000 television homes (2011).  Missoula is also home to the state's third largest daily newspaper, the "Missoulian", and the state's largest alternative weekly, the "Missoula Independent".

[title] Ohio Northern University
Ohio Northern University is a private, United Methodist Church-affiliated university located in the United States in Ada, Ohio, founded by Henry Solomon Lehr in 1871.  ONU is accredited by The Higher Learning Commission and the North Central Association of Colleges and Schools.  ONU is a sister university with Dankook University, a private university in Seoul, South Korea.  In 2008, 2009, 2010, and 2013 "U.S. News & World Report" listed Ohio Northern as Regional Universities (Midwest), #2.

[title] Cooperating Colleges of Greater Springfield
The Cooperating Colleges of Greater Springfield (CCGS) is an association of accredited colleges and universities located in Hampden County in Western Massachusetts, in and around the city of Springfield.  Formed in 1971, the association provides various benefits to the students enrolled in its member institutions.  It includes 4-year public and private institutions as well as 2-year community colleges, all of which are non-profit schools accredited by the New England Association of Schools and Colleges.

[title] University of Providence
The University of Providence (UP) (renamed from University of Great Falls in July 2017), is a private Roman Catholic university located in Great Falls, Montana within the Diocese of Great Falls–Billings.  The university is accredited by the Northwest Association of Schools and Colleges.  The University's mission "is to provide students with the opportunity to obtain a liberal education for living and for making a living."

[title] Jacksonville University
Jacksonville University (JU) is a private university in Jacksonville, Florida, United States.  The school was founded in 1934 as a two-year college and was known as Jacksonville Junior College until September 5, 1956, when it shifted focus to building four-year university degree programs and later graduated its first four-year degree candidates as Jacksonville University in June 1959.  It is a member of the Independent Colleges and Universities of Florida and is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) and the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB).  JU's student body currently represents more than 40 U.S. states and approximately 45 countries around the world.  As a Division I university, it is home to 19 sports teams, known as the JU Dolphins, as well as intramural sports and clubs.  Among the top majors declared by JU students are aviation management, biology, nursing, business and marine science.
