[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Fortean Times
Fortean Times is a British monthly magazine devoted to the anomalous phenomena popularised by Charles Fort.  Previously published by John Brown Publishing (from 1991 to 2001) and then I Feel Good Publishing (2001 to 2005), it is now published by Dennis Publishing Ltd.

[title] Charles Fort
Charles Hoy Fort (August 6, 1874 – May 3, 1932) was an American writer and researcher who specialized in anomalous phenomena.  The terms "Fortean" and "Forteana" are sometimes used to characterize various such phenomena.  Fort's books sold well and are still in print.  His work continues to inspire admirers, who refer to themselves as "Forteans", and has influenced some aspects of science fiction.

[title] Bob Rickard
Robert "Bob" J M Rickard is the founder and editor of the UK magazine "Fortean Times: The Journal of Strange Phenomena", which debuted in 1973 under its original title "The News".  The magazine's express purpose is to continue the documentary work of Charles Fort on the strange, anomalous and unexplained.  In addition to his editorial role, Rickard has written several books and hundreds of articles on a wide range of Fortean topics.  In 1981, he was a founding member of ASSAP and is also the founder of the Charles Fort Institute.

[title] Bizarre (magazine)
Bizarre was a British alternative magazine published from 1997 to 2015.  It was published by Dennis Publishing, and was a sister publication to the "Fortean Times".

[title] Super-Sargasso Sea
The Super-Sargasso Sea is the dimension into which lost things go, whose existence was proposed by Charles Fort, writer and researcher into anomalous phenomena.  It may be thought of as the spontaneous, anomalous teleportation of an object into another dimension.  Fort did not actually believe that it existed but, in the vein of the ancient Greek skeptics, he wished only to present a theory that was just as plausible as those in the mainstream.  The name alludes to the Sargasso Sea of the Atlantic Ocean, which lies next to the Bermuda Triangle.

[title] Fortean Society
The Fortean Society was started in the United States in 1931 during a meeting held in the New York flat of Charles Hoy Fort in order to promote the ideas of American writer Charles Fort.  The Fortean Society was primarily based in New York City.  Its first president was Theodore Dreiser, an old friend of Charles Fort, who had helped to get his work published.  Founding members of The Fortean Society included Tiffany Thayer, Booth Tarkington, Ben Hecht, Alexander Woollcott (and many of NYC's literati such as Dorothy Parker), and Baltimore writer H. L. Mencken.  Other members included Vincent Gaddis, Ivan T. Sanderson, A. Merritt, Frank Lloyd Wright and Buckminster Fuller.  The first 6 issues of the Fortean Society's newsletter "Doubt" were each edited by a different member, starting with Theodore Dreiser.  Tiffany Thayer thereafter took over editorship of subsequent issues.  Thayer began to assert extreme control over the society, largely filling the newsletter with articles written by himself, and excommunicating the entire San Francisco chapter, reportedly their most active, after disagreements over the society's direction, and forbidding them to use the name Fortean.  During World War II, for example, Thayer used every issue of "Doubt" to espouse his politics.  Particularly, he frequently expressed opposition to Civil Defense, going to such lengths as encouraging readers to turn on their lights in defiance to air raid sirens.  In contrast to the spirit of Charles Fort, he not only dismissed flying saucers as nonsense, but also dismissed the atomic bomb as a hoax.

[title] Vincent Gaddis
Vincent Hayes Gaddis (December 28, 1913 – February 26, 1997) was an American author who invented the phrase "Bermuda Triangle", which he used first in the cover article for the 1964 February issue of the magazine "Argosy".  He popularized many stories about anomalous and paranormal phenomena in a style similar to that of Charles Fort.

[title] William R. Corliss
William Roger Corliss (August 28, 1926 – July 8, 2011) was an American physicist and writer who was known for his interest in collecting data regarding anomalous phenomena.  Arthur C. Clarke described him as "Fort's latter-day - and much more scientific - successor."

[title] Michael D. Swords
Michael D. Swords is a retired professor of Natural Science at Western Michigan University, who writes about general sciences and anomalous phenomena, particularly parapsychology, cryptozoology, and ufology, editing the academic publication "The Journal of UFO Studies".  He is a board member of the J. Allen Hynek Center for UFO Studies.

[title] The Book of the Damned
The Book of the Damned was the first published nonfiction work of the author Charles Fort (first edition 1919).  Concerning various types of anomalous phenomena including UFOs, strange falls of both organic and inorganic materials from the sky, odd weather patterns, the possible existence of creatures generally believed to be mythological, disappearances of people, and many other phenomena, the book is considered to be the first of the specific topic of anomalistics.
