[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Mark Simpson (clarinetist)
Mark Simpson (born 26 September 1988) is a British composer and clarinettist from Liverpool, who won the BBC Young Musician of the Year 2006 title on 20 May 2006, playing Nielsen's Clarinet Concerto with the Northern Sinfonia and Yan Pascal Tortelier at The Sage Gateshead.  In the same year, Simpson was also the winner of the BBC Young Composer of the Year competition, becoming the only person in history to have ever won both competitions.  He resides in Merseyside and attended King David High School, Liverpool before attending the Royal Northern College of Music junior department where he studied clarinet with Nicholas Cox.  He was also Principal Clarinet in the National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain, playing a Peter Eaton clarinet.  After a term at the Royal College of Music, Simpson spent the rest of his gap year in Berlin, and attended St. Catherine's College, Oxford University reading for a BA in Music from 2008-2011.

[title] Doctor Who: The Music
Doctor Who: The Music is a 1983 compilation of music from the BBC Radiophonic Workshop featuring incidental music from the popular science-fiction television series "Doctor Who".  The album was the first full-length to feature solely music from the programme.  The collection was produced by Workshop member and long-time "Doctor Who" sound-effects creator Dick Mills.  It featured the original Delia Derbyshire arrangement of Ron Grainer's theme tune and music by Malcolm Clarke from the 1972 serial "The Sea Devils", which was only the second to have an incidental score provided completely by the Radiophonic Workshop.  Most of the music included came from serials from the previous three years to demonstrate the recent composers' works.  For the album, each serial's incidental music was reassembled into short "suites" and although most of the music had been recorded in mono it was, for this compilation, remixed into stereo with sound effects added on to some tracks.  The album was re-released in 1992 by Silva Screen records as "Earthshock - Classic Music From The BBC Radiophonic Workshop Volume 1", with bonus tracks including "The World of Doctor Who", a track recorded by Mills as a B-side to Dudley Simpson's 1973 ""Moonbase 3"" single, which featured a mix of music from the serial "The Mind of Evil" with sound effects from "Planet of the Daleks" before finishing with Simpson's "Master's Theme".  Selections from both this compilation and its follow-up, "Doctor Who - The Music II", were also re-used on the 1994 Silva Screen compilation "The Best Of Doctor Who Volume 1 - The Five Doctors".

[title] Alf Clausen
Alf Heiberg Clausen (born March 28, 1941) is an American film and television composer.  He is best known for his work scoring many episodes of "The Simpsons", of which he had been the sole composer between 1990 and 2017.  Clausen has scored or orchestrated music for more than 30 films and television shows, including "Moonlighting", "The Naked Gun", "ALF" and "Ferris Bueller's Day Off".

[title] Hail to the Hills of Westwood
"Hail to the Hills of Westwood" is the school song or alma mater of the University of California, Los Angeles.  It was written by Jeane Emerso, a 1929 graduate of UCLA, and adopted by the school in 1960.  The current arrangement performed by the UCLA Marching Band was written by band member Dwayne S. Milburn for the 1985 football season.

[title] Sarp Bridge
Sarp Bridge (Norwegian: "Sarpsbrua" or "Sarpebrua" ) is a series of bridges which span across Sarpefossen, a waterfall of the river Glomma in Sarpsborg, Norway.  In the current arrangement, one bridge carries a pathway, one carries a single track of the Østfold Line and one carries two lanes of National Road 118.  The road and pathway bridges are about 91 m long, while the railway bridge is 247 m .

[title] Celebrity Mastermind
Celebrity Mastermind is a celebrity version of "Mastermind", a British television quiz show broadcast by BBC television.  It began in 2002 as a one-off special, expanding to the current arrangement of 10 episodes, broadcast during December and January.  It is hosted by John Humphrys, who also hosts the main show.

[title] Donnie Simpson
Donnie Simpson (born January 30, 1954) is a longtime American radio DJ as well as a television and movie personality.  He hosted "The Donnie Simpson Morning Show" on Washington, D.C. radio station WPGC-FM from March 1993 to January 29, 2010.  Currently, he hosts "The Donnie Simpson Show" on D.C.-based radio station WMMJ-FM (Majic 102.3 FM), which began airing on August 17, 2015.  Simpson is the first urban-format radio personality to have an annual salary over $1 million without being syndicated.  In 2003, Simpson, through his agent and longtime friend, George Parker, inked a 6-year, 8-figure deal with WPGC-FM making Simpson the highest paid African-American radio personality ever without syndication.  He was "Billboard's" "Radio Personality of the Year" and "Program Director of the Year".  He has also been known by the nicknames, "Love Bug", "The Green-eyed Bandit" and "Dr. Green Eyes" for his luminous, light green eyes.

[title] British Royal Train
In the United Kingdom, the Royal Train is used to convey senior members of the British Royal Family and associated staff of the Royal Household around the railway network of Great Britain.  It is formed from a dedicated set of claret liveried sleeper, dining and lounge carriages.  The current stock dates from 1977-1987.  They are arranged according to requirements, and stored when not in use.  The earliest royal coaches date back to the mid-19th Century in the reign of Queen Victoria; until an upgrade in 1977 there were multiple sets based in different regions, a legacy of the pre-nationalisation era of railways in Britain.  Many are now in museums or on heritage railways; the National Railway Museum in York has a royal themed exhibition.  Dedicated locomotives have never traditionally been part of the Royal Train, first appearing in special livery only in the 1990s, but also seeing use on other trains since 2003.  In the 21st Century, various preserved (and one new build) steam locomotives have also hauled the train on special occasions.  Although regularly cited by critics as one of the unnecessary luxuries of the Royal Family, which has led to an increase in the alternate use of normal scheduled services where possible, supporters argue the current arrangement emphasizes utility over luxury, and is still often the most practical and secure mode of travel to fit the required itinerary and avoid disruption to the public.

[title] The Simpsons Theme
"The Simpsons" Theme", also referred to as "The Simpsons" Main Title Theme" in album releases, is the theme music of the animated television series "The Simpsons".  It plays during the opening sequence and was composed by Danny Elfman in 1989, after series creator Matt Groening approached him requesting a retro-style theme.  The piece, which took 3 days, 2 hours, 48 minutes, and 19 seconds to create, has been noted by Elfman as the most popular of his career.  The theme, as used for the opening sequence, was re-arranged during season 2, and the current arrangement by Alf Clausen was introduced at the beginning of the third season.

[title] Las Lomitas Elementary School District
The Las Lomitas Elementary School District is a public school district in the San Francisco Bay Area, primarily serving parts of the communities of Menlo Park, Atherton and Ladera, with its headquarters in Menlo Park.  Under the current arrangement, all students in the district attend Las Lomitas Elementary School starting before Kindergarten through 3rd grade, and attend La Entrada Middle School for 4th through 8th grade.  Students from this school district who continue on with public schooling matriculate to the Sequoia Union High School District, most attending Menlo-Atherton High School, though some students opt to attend Woodside High School, which is closer to home for some students.  Several LLESD schools have won the prestigious Blue Ribbon Award.
