[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Seoul Station (film)
Seoul Station (Korean: 서울역 ) is a South Korean animated zombie drama film written and directed by Yeon Sang-ho.  Released on August 18, 2016, the film stars Ryu Seung-ryong, Shim Eun-kyung and Lee Joon in the lead roles.  The film was shown at the 2016 Edinburgh International Film Festival.

[title] Cafe Noir
Cafe Noir () is a 2009 South Korean romance melodrama film starring Shin Ha-kyun, Moon Jeong-hee, Kim Hye-na and Jung Yu-mi.  Written and directed by first-time director Jung Sung-il, a well regarded film critic-turned-director, it is a contemplation on love and heartbreak largely based on two works of literature - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe's "The Sorrows of Young Werther" and Fyodor Dostoyevsky's White Nights.  The critically acclaimed work debuted at the 66th Venice Film Festival in 2009, and Jung was nominated for New Talent Grand Pix at the 2010 Copenhagen International Film Festival.

[title] Psychokinesis (film)
Psychokinesis is an upcoming South Korean black comedy film directed by Yeon Sang-ho.  The film stars Ryu Seung-ryong, Shim Eun-kyung, Park Jung-min, Kim Min-jae and Jung Yu-mi.

[title] Train to Busan
Train to Busan () is a 2016 South Korean zombie apocalypse action thriller film directed by Yeon Sang-ho and starring Gong Yoo, Jung Yu-mi, and Ma Dong-seok.  The film takes place on a train to Busan, as a zombie apocalypse suddenly breaks in the country and compromises the safety of the passengers.

[title] The Fake (2013 film)
The Fake () is a 2013 South Korean animated film written and directed by Yeon Sang-ho.

[title] Yeon Sang-ho
Yeon Sang-ho (born 1978) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.  He wrote and directed the animated films "The King of Pigs" (2011) and "The Fake" (2013), and the live-action film "Train to Busan" (2016).

[title] Kim Yool-ho
Kim Yool-ho (; born February 21, 1985) is a South Korean actor and model, He is best known for his role in "The Map Against the World", in which he played Prince Geumwi, and the 2016 zombie thriller apocalypse film "Train to Busan" as "man in suit 2", who helps Yong-suk (played by Kim Eui-sung).

[title] The Crucible (2011 film)
The Crucible (; also known as Silenced) is a 2011 South Korean drama film  based on the novel of the same name by Gong Ji-young, starring Gong Yoo and Jung Yu-mi.  It is based on actual events that took place at Gwangju Inhwa School for the hearing-impaired, where young deaf students were the victims of repeated sexual assaults by faculty members over a period of five years in the early 2000s.

[title] The King of Pigs
The King of Pigs () is a 2011 South Korean animated drama film based on a true story, directed by Yeon Sang-ho.  It won three awards at the 2011 Busan International Film Festival.  The film was selected to be screened in the Directors' Fortnight section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.  One primary trait of the film is that its events are based on actual accounts, accurately depicted down to every last detail.

[title] Top Gear Korea
Top Gear Korea () is the South Korean adaptation of BBC's popular "Top Gear" show.  Officially announced on 21 June 2011, the show follows a similar format with the British version and season 1 included 3 presenters: singer and professional driver Kim Jin-pyo (김진표), actor Yeon Jung-hoon (연정훈), and actor Kim Kap-soo (김갑수).  It premiered on cable channel XTM on 20 August 2011.
