[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Rail transport in Walt Disney Parks and Resorts
Rail transport can be found in every theme park resort property owned or licensed by Walt Disney Parks and Resorts, the theme park and vacation resort segment of the larger Walt Disney Company.  The origins of Disney theme park rail transport can be traced back to Walt Disney himself and his personal fondness for railroads, who insisted that they be included in the first Disney park, the original Disneyland (a key component of the Disneyland Resort) in California in the United States, which opened on July 17, 1955.  The Disney tradition of including transport by rail in its parks has since been extended to other Disney properties with the opening of Walt Disney World in Florida in the United States, Tokyo Disney Resort in Japan, Disneyland Paris in France, Hong Kong Disneyland Resort in China, and Shanghai Disney Resort in China.

[title] Djuan Rivers
Djuan Rivers is the Vice President of Disney's Animal Kingdom at Walt Disney World.  He previously served as Vice President for Hotels and Business Solutions at Disneyland Paris after having been General Manager of the Disney Aulani Resort & Spa in Hawaii.

[title] Brown's Hotel (Catskills)
Brown’s Hotel was a nationally known resort complex located in the Borscht Belt area of upstate New York, in the Catskill Mountains.  It was one of the largest and most elaborate establishments of its kind during an era when the entire region prospered as a tourist destination.  From the 1940s to the 1980s, the hotel was a popular vacation destination for many upper-middle-class families living in the New York City metropolitan area.  Jewish-American families were welcomed and even catered to specifically by the hotels in the Borscht Belt during a time period when anti-semitism was prevalent in the hospitality industry.  Filling a niche, the area quickly became a mecca for Jewish-American families.  Brown's Hotel was located in the hamlet of Loch Sheldrake in the Town of Fallsburg, Sullivan County, New York.

[title] Walt Disney World Swan
The Walt Disney World Swan is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney's Hollywood Studios behind Disney's BoardWalk Resort and across from its sister resort, the Walt Disney World Dolphin.  The Swan, which opened January 13, 1990 on Disney property, is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company, Tishman Hotel Corporation, MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts.  The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company, while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife and operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Westin brand.  The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts, because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only.

[title] Disneytown
Disneytown is a shopping, dining, and entertainment complex at the Shanghai Disney Resort in Pudong, Shanghai, China.  It is the Shanghai Disney Resort equivalent of the Downtown Disney complex at Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California; Disney Springs at the Walt Disney World Resort near Orlando, Florida; Ikspiari at Tokyo Disney Resort, and Disney Village at Disneyland Paris, France.

[title] Ko Olina Resort
Ko Olina Resort is a 642 acre master-planned vacation and residential community on the leeward coast of Oahu, 17 mi northwest of Honolulu.  Ko Olina has 2 mi of coastal frontage and includes three natural and four man-made lagoons with white-sand beaches.  It is home to four hotel and vacation-club resorts: Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa; the Ihilani Resort & Spa, Marriott's Ko Olina Beach Club, and The Four Seasons at Ko Olina, as well as several resort condominiums and villa homes.  Previously, the JW Marriott at Ko Olina occupied The Four Seasons property.  An Atlantis Resort, similar to Atlantis Dubai, is currently being designed as an international destination for millennial travelers.  The property will be adjacent to the condominiums located on lagoon three.

[title] Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort &amp; Spa
Disney's Saratoga Springs Resort & Spa is a Disney Vacation Club resort at the Walt Disney World Resort.  The resort is the seventh Disney Vacation Club resort and is situated on the former site of the Disney Institute.  It first opened May 17, 2004 and was built in three phases.  It is now the largest Disney Vacation Club resort.  The resort was inspired by the city of Saratoga Springs, New York.

[title] Aulani
Aulani, a Disney Resort & Spa is a beachside hotel, resort and vacation destination offering complimentary children's activities and programs at the Ko Olina Resort & Marina in Kapolei on the Hawaiian island of Oahu.  Part of the Disney Vacation Club, it is the third Disney Vacation Club Resort located outside of a Disney theme park property.  The resort opened on August 29, 2011.

[title] Walt Disney World Dolphin
The Walt Disney World Dolphin is a resort hotel designed by architect Michael Graves located between Epcot and Disney's Hollywood Studios in the Walt Disney World Resort in Bay Lake, Florida, next to Disney's BoardWalk Resort area.  It opened on June 1, 1990 and is joined to its sister hotel, the Walt Disney World Swan (also designed by Graves) by a palm-tree lined covered walkway crossing a lagoon.  The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin is a joint venture between the Walt Disney Company, Tishman Hotel Corporation, MetLife and Starwood Hotels and Resorts.  The land the resort occupies is owned by the Walt Disney Company, while the buildings themselves are leased by Disney to the Tishman Hotel Corporation and MetLife but operated by Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide under the Sheraton Hotels brand.  The Walt Disney World Swan and Dolphin are a part of the Walt Disney Collection of resorts; because of this they are Disney branded and guests of the resort have access to special Disney benefits available to Disney Resort Hotel guests only.

[title] Horseshoe Resort
Horseshoe Resort, formerly Horseshoe Valley Ski Club, is a southern Ontario ski resort and four season vacation destination.  Located north of Barrie, the resort is about 1 hour 15 minutes driving time from Toronto.  The resort enjoys a long ski season due to snow making abilities.  Acquired by Skyline International Development Inc. in July 2007, Horseshoe Resort is spread out over 680 acres of land.  The resort offers two award-winning golf courses, a full-service Shizen Spa, 101 rooms at the on-site Inn and 40 condo-style suites, two year-round restaurants, 11,400 square feet of meeting and banquet facilities, indoor and outdoor swimming pools, a full gym and over 40 km of trails connected to the Copeland Forest suitable for hiking, biking and snowshoeing.
