[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Joe Wizan
Joe Wizan (January 7, 1935 – March 21, 2011) was an American film producer and studio executive.  He was head of 20th Century Fox's motion picture division from 1983 to 1984.  His credits as a producer or executive producer include "Jeremiah Johnson", "Junior Bonner", "The Last American Hero", "Audrey Rose" , " And Justice for All", Along Came a Spider and Dark Night of the Scarecrow".  Wizan died on March 21, 2011 at an assisted-living facility in Westlake Village, California.  He was 76.

[title] Connie Tavel
Connie Tavel is an American television and film executive producer and talent manager.  She is partners with Helen Hunt in Hunt/Tavel Productions, and with Tim Johnson in Tavel/Johnson Television.  She has served as executive producer on films such as "Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey", "Fever", and "The Wishing Tree", as well as television movies such as "Ride with the Wind" and "Summer's End".  She also produced an episode of the television series "Judging Amy", which she is credited as a co-creator.

[title] Proud Mary (film)
Proud Mary is an upcoming American action-thriller directed by Babak Najafi, from a screenplay written by John S. Newman and Christian Swegal.  The film will star Taraji P. Henson, Billy Brown, Danny Glover, Neal McDonough, Xander Berkeley, and Margaret Avery.  The film will be released on January 12, 2018 by Screen Gems.

[title] Toby Emmerich
Toby Emmerich (born February 8, 1963) is an American producer, film executive, and screenwriter.  He was born in New York City, the son of Constance (née Marantz), a concert pianist, and André Emmerich (1924–2007), a Frankfurt-born gallery owner and art dealer.  He has been producer or executive producer of over 50 films, and he also wrote the screenplays to the films "Frequency" and "The Last Mimzy", among other screenplays.  After serving as president of production at New Line Cinema, Emmerich became president and chief operating officer of New Line on March 18, 2008, then in 2017, he became President and Chief Content Officer of the Warner Bros.  Pictures Group.  He was also the executive music producer of the films "Menace II Society" and "Above The Rim".

[title] Dete Meserve
Dete Meserve is an award-winning and bestselling author as well as film and television executive and a principal of Wind Dancer Films.  Wind Dancer Films is best known as the creators and producers of Home Improvement starring Tim Allen, What Women Want starring Helen Hunt and Mel Gibson, Where The Heart Is starring Natalie Portman.  Meserve's credits include producing Bernie starring Jack Black, Shirley MacLaine and Matthew McConaughey, executive producer of Walker Payne starring Sam Shepard and Jason Patric, executive producer of the TV series Wildest Africa for Discovery International, executive producer of As Cool As I Am, starring Claire Danes and James Marsden.  In 2014, she was an executive producer of the George Lopez sitcom, "Saint George," and producer of the thriller, The Keeping Room starring Sam Worthington, Hailee Steinfeld and Brit Marling.  She is currently an Executive Producer of the hit kids television series Ready Jet Go on PBSKids.

[title] Easy Money II: Hard to Kill
Easy Money II: Hard to Kill (Swedish: "Snabba Cash II" ) is a Swedish thriller film directed by Babak Najafi that was released on 17 August 2012.  The film is a sequel to the 2010 film "Easy Money", and is based on Jens Lapidus' books "Easy Money" and "Aldrig fucka upp".  It's the second part in a trilogy, and is followed by "" (2013).  The screenplay is written by Peter Birro and Maria Karlsson.

[title] Zygi Kamasa
Zygi Kamasa (born 12 November 1969) is a Swedish-British entertainment studio executive and film executive producer.  He currently serves as CEO of Lionsgate UK & Europe and was the Executive Producer for Brooklyn, Eddie the Eagle, Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, The Railway Man and London Has Fallen.

[title] No Code of Conduct
No Code of Conduct is a 1998 action crime thriller film directed by Bret Michaels.  The film stars Charlie Sheen, and Martin Sheen as father-and-son vice unit detectives, along with Mark Dacascos who portrays Charlie Sheen's partner.  The film was released as a direct-to-video feature in some countries, including: Australia, Sweden, Japan, the Czech Republic, Argentina, Brazil, Azerbaijan, Russia and Turkey.  Bret Michaels is credited as Director, Screenwriter, Composer (Music Score), Actor and Executive Producer.  Charlie Sheen's credits in this release include Actor, Screenwriter and Executive Producer.

[title] Scott Rosenbaum
Scott Rosenbaum is a film and television screenwriter, producer, and showrunner.  Scott recently served as the Executive Producer and Showrunner of ABC’s science fiction drama "V" and Fox’s crime drama "Gang Related".  Previously, he was an Executive Producer on NBC's "Chuck" and an Executive Producer on FX’s award-winning drama "The Shield".  As an original member of the show's writing staff, Rosenbaum has won numerous awards for his achievements on "The Shield" including a Golden Globe for Best Drama, an American Film Institute Award for Best Television Drama as well as the prestigious George Foster Peabody Award.  He is currently the executive producer and showrunner of "Queen of the South" for USA Network.

[title] London Has Fallen
London Has Fallen is a 2016 American action thriller film directed by Babak Najafi and written by Creighton Rothenberger, Katrin Benedikt, Chad St. John and Christian Gudegast.  It is a sequel to Antoine Fuqua's 2013 film "Olympus Has Fallen" and stars Gerard Butler, Aaron Eckhart and Morgan Freeman, with Alon Moni Aboutboul, Angela Bassett, Robert Forster, Jackie Earle Haley, Melissa Leo, Radha Mitchell, Sean O'Bryan, Waleed Zuaiter and Charlotte Riley in supporting roles.  It is the second installment in the "Has Fallen" film series.
