[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Barbara Avedon
Barbara Avedon (June 14, 1925 – August 31, 1994) was a television writer, political activist, and feminist.  She was one of the writers for the television series "Bewitched", and helped a group of Jefferson High School students write the episode "Sisters at Heart".  She also wrote for "Executive Suite" and "Fish", a 1977-78 spin-off from "Barney Miller".  With Barbara Corday, Avedon created "Cagney & Lacey", the world's first dramatic television series to place women in both of its starring roles.  They came up with the idea for this television series after having read Molly Haskell's book "From Reverence to Rape" which stated that there had never been a female buddy film.  Avedon and Corday initially intended "Cagney & Lacey" to be a film.  While they were writing the series together, Avedon was more experienced and proficient in screenwriting than Corday, and Avedon mentored Corday in this area throughout the series.  They were best friends for nearly a decade.

[title] D.C. Cab
D.C. Cab (also known as Street Fight) is a 1983 American comedy film, starring Max Gail, Adam Baldwin, Mr. T, Charlie Barnett, Gary Busey, Marsha Warfield, and Whitman Mayo.  The film was written and directed by Joel Schumacher with the story by Topper Carew & Schumacher.

[title] Phil Fish (character)
Detective Phil Fish is a fictional NYPD detective in the TV series "Barney Miller" and later in the spin off series "Fish".  He was played by Abe Vigoda.

[title] Jim Moody (actor)
Jim Moody (born September 25, 1949 in Portsmouth, Virginia) is a television and film character actor.  He played the tough-talking counselor/teacher Gene Daniels in "Bad Boys".  His first feature film role was in the 1980 hit film "Fame", in which he played Mr. Farrell, a drama teacher.  Jim starred in the 1983 comedy film "D.C. Cab" as Arnie, a member of the rival cab company, Emerald Cab.  He also appeared in the 1999 drama "The Best Man" and as Leroy Greene, Sr. (the father) in "The Last Dragon".

[title] Jack Soo
Jack Soo (October 28, 1917 – January 11, 1979) was a Japanese American actor.  He is best known for his role as Detective Nick Yemana on the television sitcom "Barney Miller".

[title] Nellie Bellflower
Nellie Bellflower (born May 1, 1946 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an American actress and voice artist who provided the voice of Princess Ariel in the Ruby-Spears animated television series "Thundarr the Barbarian".  She has also been in "The Last Unicorn" (voice), Rankin/Bass "The Return of the King", "Americathon", the miniseries "East of Eden", and guest roles on various TV shows such as "Barnaby Jones", "Barney Miller", "Starsky and Hutch", and "Happy Days" as Fonzie's ex-fiancée Maureen Johnson, a.k.a. "The Lone Stripper", in the Season 2 episode of the series titled "Fonzie's Getting Married" (episode #13).  Nellie has been involved in movie production with three projects: "The Girl in Melanie Klein" (2008), "Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day" (2008) and "Finding Neverland" (2004), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award as Producer for Best Picture.  She is married to Michael Mislove.

[title] Max Gail
Maxwell Trowbridge "Max" Gail Jr. (born April 5, 1943) is an American actor who has starred in stage, television, and film roles.  He most notably portrayed the role of Detective Stan "Wojo" Wojciehowicz on the television sitcom "Barney Miller".

[title] Ron Carey (actor)
Ronald Joseph Cicenia (December 11, 1935 – January 16, 2007), known as Ron Carey, was an American film and television actor.  The 5 ft actor was best known for playing ambitious NYPD Police Officer Carl Levitt on TV's "Barney Miller", in which he was almost always surrounded by male actors (and sometimes female guest stars) who stood at least 4 in taller.  The series' stars (Hal Linden, Max Gail, Abe Vigoda, Ron Glass, Steve Landesberg) all stood 6 ft or more.  Carey appeared in the recurring role for the last six of the eight seasons of "Barney Miller"' s run.  He first appeared on the show as a criminal, Angelo Molinari (aka The Mole), in Season 2, Episode 22.

[title] Steve Landesberg
Steve Landesberg (November 23, 1936December 20, 2010) was an American actor, comedian, and voice actor known for his role as the erudite, unflappable police detective Arthur P. Dietrich on the ABC sitcom "Barney Miller", for which he was nominated for three Emmy Awards.

[title] Joe Bash
Joe Bash is an American comedy-drama television series that aired on ABC from March 28 to May 10, 1986.  Starring Peter Boyle as a weary and embittered New York City Police Department beat cop, it was created by veteran TV producer Danny Arnold following his successful New York City police detective sitcom "Barney Miller".  The production company was Tetagram Ltd., with Arnold and Chris Hayward serving as the show's executive producers. All six episodes were written by the team of Arnold, Hayward and Philip Jayson Lasker, with Arnold directing all but the fifth episode, which was directed by John Florea.
