[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Gupta script
The Gupta script (sometimes referred to as Gupta Brahmi Script or Late Brahmi Script) was used for writing Sanskrit and is associated with the Gupta Empire of India which was a period of material prosperity and great religious and scientific developments.  The Gupta script was descended from Brahmi and gave rise to the Nāgarī, Sharada and Siddham scripts.  These scripts in turn gave rise to many of the most important scripts of India, including Devanagari (the most common script used for writing Sanskrit since the 19th century), the Gurmukhi script for Punjabi Language, the Bengali-Assamese script, and the Tibetan script.

[title] Coptic alphabet
The Coptic alphabet is the script used for writing the Coptic language.  The repertoire of glyphs is based on the Greek alphabet augmented by letters borrowed from the Egyptian Demotic and is the first alphabetic script used for the Egyptian language.  There are several Coptic alphabets, as the Coptic writing system may vary greatly among the various dialects and subdialects of the Coptic language.

[title] Modi alphabet
Modi (Marathi: मोडी , Mōḍī , ] ) is a script used to write the Marathi language, which is the primary language spoken in the state of Maharashtra, India.  There are at least two different theories concerning its origin.  Modi was an official script used to write Marathi until the 20th century when the Balbodh style of the Devanagari script was promoted as the standard writing system for Marathi.  Although Modi was primarily used to write Marathi, other languages such as Urdu, Kannada, Gujarati, Rajasthani, Hindi is also known to have been written in Modi.

[title] Southeastern Iberian script
The southeastern Iberian script, also known as Meridional Iberian, was one of the means of written expression of the Iberian language, which was written mainly in the northeastern Iberian script and residually by the Greco-Iberian alphabet.  About the relation between northeastern Iberian and southeastern Iberian scripts, it is necessary to point out that they are two different scripts with different values for the same signs; however it is clear that they had a common origin and the most accepted hypothesis is that northeastern Iberian script derives from southeastern Iberian script.  In fact, the southeastern Iberian script is very similar, both considering the shape of the signs or their values, to the Southwestern script used to represent an unknown language usually named Tartessian.  The main difference is that southeastern Iberian script doesn’t show the vocalic redundancy of the syllabic signs.  Unlike the northeastern Iberian script the decipherment of the southeastern Iberian script is not yet complete, because there are a significant number of signs on which scholars have not yet reached a consensus.  Despite it is believed that unlike the northeastern Iberian script the southeastern Iberian script doesn’t show any system to differentiate between voiced and unvoiced occlusives, a recent paper (Ferrer i Jané 2010) defends the existence of a dual system also in the southeastern Iberian script.

[title] Balbodh
Balbodh (Marathi: बाळबोध , bāḷabōdha , ] , Translation: Understood by Children) is a slightly modified style of the Devanagari script used to write the Marathi language and the Korku language.  What sets Balbodh apart from the Devananagari script used for other languages is the more frequent and regular use of both ळ /ɭ/ (retroflex lateral approximant) and र्‍ (called the eyelash reph/raphar).

[title] Hebrew alphabet
The Hebrew alphabet (Hebrew: אָלֶף־בֵּית עִבְרִי‎ , "Alefbet Ivri "), known variously by scholars as the Jewish script, square script and block script, is an abjad script used in the writing of the Hebrew language, also adapted as an alphabet script in the writing of other Jewish languages, most notably in Yiddish (lit.  "Jewish" for Judeo-German), Djudío (lit.  "Jewish" for Judeo-Spanish), and Judeo-Arabic.  Historically, there have been two separate abjad scripts to write Hebrew.  The original, old Hebrew script, is known as the paleo-Hebrew alphabet (which has been largely preserved, in an altered form, in the Samaritan alphabet), while the present "Jewish script" or "square script" to write Hebrew is a stylized form of the Aramaic alphabet and was known by Jewish sages as the Ashuri alphabet (lit.  "Assyrian"), since its origins were alleged to be from Assyria.  Various "styles" (in current terms, "fonts") of representation of the Jewish script letters described in this article also exist, as well as a cursive form which has also varied over time and place, and today is referred to as cursive Hebrew.  In the remainder of this article, the term "Hebrew alphabet" refers to the Jewish square script unless otherwise indicated.

[title] Elbasan alphabet
The Elbasan script is a mid 18th-century alphabetic script used for the Albanian language.  It was named after the city of Elbasan, where it was invented, and was used mainly in the area of Elbasan and Berat, and is the oldest original script used to write Albanian.

[title] Siddhaṃ script
Siddhaṃ , also known in its later evolved form as Siddhamātṛkā, is the name of a script used for writing Sanskrit from c. 550 – c. 1200.  It is descended from the Brahmi script via the Gupta script and later evolved into the Assamese alphabet, the Bengali alphabet, and the Tibetan alphabet.  There is some confusion over the spelling: "Siddhāṃ " and "Siddhaṃ " are both common, though "Siddhaṃ " is preferred as "correct".  The script is a refinement of the script used during the Gupta Empire.

[title] Cuneiform script
Cuneiform script ( or or ), one of the earliest systems of writing, was invented by the Sumerians.  It is distinguished by its wedge-shaped marks on clay tablets, made by means of a blunt reed for a stylus.  The name "cuneiform" itself simply means "wedge shaped".

[title] Autograph (Assyriology)
An autograph in Assyriology is the hand-copy of a cuneiform clay-tablet.  Producing an autograph is often the first step of a tablet's archaeological interpretation and the autograph is frequently the authoritative form that is published as source material.  Autographing the text is followed by transliteration, transcription and translation.
