[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Pedro Alcántara Quijano Montero
Pedro Alcántara Quijano Montero (1878-1953) was a Colombian artist, engraver, author and set designer.  Born in Bogota, he studied at Escuela de Bellas Artes under Recio among others.  Later, he taught at his alma mater for more than 30 years.  He was also a set designer for the Teatro Colón de Bogotá, and taught several generations of Colombian artists.  He wrote several works: "Ricaurte en San Mateo", "Niño con Casco", "La misa de los conquistadores", "La Pola conducida al cadalso" and "Reyerta del 20 de julio", among others.  He died in Bogota in 1953.

[title] Peter Gallo
Peter Gallo (born 1959 in Rutland, VT) is an artist and writer who lives and works in Hyde Park, VT.  He received his Ph.D. and MA in Art History from Concordia University, Montreal, and has written about the intersection of biopolitics, medicalization, and artistic experience from the eighteenth to early twenty-first centuries.  He has a BA from Middlebury College, Middlebury, VT.  Additionally, the artist has been active in the Grass Roots Art and Community Efforts (GRACE) in Hardwick, VT.  He has organized numerous exhibitions including "Insider Art," (GRACE traveling exhibition, 1990), and "Our Yard in the Future: The Art of Gayleen Aiken" (Horton Gallery, 2007).  He has contributed criticism to "Art in America" and "Art New England", among others.  The artist is represented by Horton Gallery in New York City and Anthony Reynolds Gallery in London, UK.  Gallo's works have been featured in solo and group exhibitions in the United States and Europe, and are included in notable collections of contemporary art.

[title] Silas Bent
Silas Bent IV (born May 9, 1882 in Millersburg, Kentucky – d. July 30, 1945 in Greenwich, Connecticut), son of Silas Bent III and Ann Elizabeth (Tyler) Bent was an American was a journalist, author, and lecturer.  He began newspaper work in 1900 in Louisville, Kentucky, on the "Louisville Herald".  After three years he moved to St. Louis and joined the staff of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch as reporter and assistant editor.  He was appointed assistant professor of theory and practice of journalism at the University of Missouri School of Journalism in Columbia, Missouri when the school was opened in 1908, but resigned that position in February 1909 to return to the Post-Dispatch.  Later, he did publicity work in Chicago and then spent 13 years in New York City.  As a freelance writer he contributed articles to "The New York Times", "Harper's Weekly" and "The Atlantic" among others.

[title] Philip Schultz
Philip Schultz (born 1945 in Rochester, New York) is an American poet, and the founder/director of The Writers Studio, a private school for fiction and poetry writing based in New York City.  He is the author of several collections of poetry, including "The God of Loneliness, Selected and New Poems" (Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 2010); "Failure" (Harcourt, 2007), winner of the 2008 Pulitzer Prize in Poetry; "Living in the Past" (Harcourt, 2004); and "The Holy Worm of Praise" (Harcourt, 2002).  He is also the author of "Deep Within the Ravine" Viking Penguin, 1984), which was the Lamont Poetry Selection of the Academy of American Poets; "Like Wings" (Viking Penguin, 1978, winner of an American Academy & Institute of Arts and Letters Award as well as a National Book Award nomination), and the poetry chapbook, "My Guardian Angel Stein" (1986).  His work has been published in The New Yorker, The Paris Review, Slate, Poetry magazine, The Gettysburg Review, The Southern Review, and Five Points, among others, and he is the recipient of a Fulbright Fellowship in Poetry to Israel and a 2005 Guggenheim Fellowship in Poetry.  He has also received, among others, a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in Poetry (1981), a New York Foundation for the Arts Fellowship in Poetry (1985), as well as the Levinson Prize from Poetry magazine.  Schultz is also the author of a memoir, "My Dyslexia", published by W.W. Norton in 2011, and a new book of poetry, "The Wherewithal" (W. W. Norton), published in February 2014.

[title] Dysteleology
Dysteleology is the philosophical view that existence has no "telos" or final cause from purposeful design.  The term "dysteleology" is a modern word invented and popularized by Ernst Haeckel.  Dysteleology is an aggressive, yet optimistic, form of science-oriented atheism originally perhaps associated with Haeckel and his followers, but now perhaps more associated with the type of atheism of Richard Dawkins, Sam Harris, or Christopher Hitchens.  Transcending traditional philosophical and religious perspectives, such as German idealism (including the philosophies of Hegel and Schelling) and contemporary New Age thinking, modern philosophical naturalism sees existence as having no inherent goal.

[title] Na-Ga
Na-Ga is a male Japanese artist who is employed as a graphic designer and illustrator for the company Key known for such famous visual novels as "Kanon", "Air", and "Clannad" among others.  Na-Ga has been working for Key since the production of "Air" as one of the computer graphic artists, but was able to majorly contribute to character design in Key's sixth visual novel "Little Busters! " with Itaru Hinoue, along with the later released "Little Busters!  Ecstasy" and "Kud Wafter".  For Key's ninth title "Rewrite", Na-Ga contributed to the game's computer graphics.  Na-Ga worked in collaboration with Jun Maeda and ASCII Media Works' "Dengeki G's Magazine" to produce the mixed media projects "Angel Beats! " and "Charlotte" as the original character designer.  Na-Ga once worked for the company Pearlsoft R between 1997 and 1999 where he contributed to two visual novels, "Hakanai Omoi: Anemone", and "Sweet Days", as the main artist before coming to Key.  He also participates in a dōjinshi circle named "from-D".

[title] Skylite
Skylite is a Memphis based gospel music label started by The Statesmen Quartet and The Blackwood Brothers in 1959.  Along with The Blackwood Brothers and The Statesmen Quartet, Skylite signed, among others, The Speer Family, and the Oak Ridge Quartet (later renamed The Oak Ridge Boys).  In 1966, the Statesmen-Blackwood team sold the record company to a group of investors led by Joel Gentry, with main offices on Music Row in Nashville, Tenn.

[title] Christopher Hitchens
Christopher Eric Hitchens (13 April 1949 – 15 December 2011) was an Anglo-American author, columnist, essayist, orator, religious and literary critic, social critic, and journalist.  Hitchens was the author, co-author, editor or co-editor of over 30 books, including five collections of essays, on politics, literature and religion.  A staple of public discourse, his confrontational style of debate made him both a lauded intellectual and a controversial public figure.  He contributed to "New Statesman", "The Nation", "The Weekly Standard", "The Atlantic", "London Review of Books", "The Times Literary Supplement", "Slate", "Free Inquiry" and "Vanity Fair".

[title] Emily Matchar
Emily Matchar (born 1982) is an American journalist and author.  Originally from Chapel Hill, North Carolina, she graduated from Harvard University in 2004.  Her work has appeared in "The Atlantic", "Salon", "The Washington Post", "Time", "The New Republic", "Gourmet", and "Outside", among others.  Her non-fiction book, "Homeward Bound: Why Women Are Embracing the New Domesticity" was a critical exploration of the cultural phenomenon of "new domesticity," the re-embrace of old-fashioned domestic arts and practices from knitting to canning to backyard chicken-raising.  It was published by Simon & Schuster in 2013 and received favorable reviews from "The New Yorker", "The New Republic", and "The Washington Post", among many others, and was given 3.5 out of 4 stars by "People Magazine".  She has made numerous appearances on TV and radio, including The Colbert Report, Good Morning America, MSNBC's The Cycle, NPR, and the BBC.

[title] Menil Collection
The Menil Collection, located in Houston, Texas, USA, refers either to a museum that houses the private art collection of founders John de Menil and Dominique de Menil, or to the collection itself of approximately 17,000 paintings, sculptures, prints, drawings, photographs and rare books.  While the bulk of the collection is made up of a once-private collection, Menil Foundation, Inc. is a tax-exempt, nonprofit, public charity corporation formed under Section 501(c)3 of the Internal Revenue Code.  Additionally the Menil receives public funds granted by the City of Houston, the State of Texas, and the federal government through the National Endowment for the Arts.  The museum's holdings are diverse, including early to mid-twentieth century works of Yves Tanguy, René Magritte, Max Ernst, Man Ray, Marcel Duchamp, Henri Matisse and Pablo Picasso, among others.  The museum also maintains an extensive collection of pop art and contemporary art from Jackson Pollock, Andy Warhol, Mark Rothko, Robert Rauschenberg, Vija Celmins and Cy Twombly, Jr., among others.  Also included in the museum's permanent collection are Antiquities and works of Byzantine, Medieval and Tribal art.
