[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] A Head Full of Dreams
A Head Full of Dreams is the seventh studio album by the British rock band Coldplay.  It was released on 4 December 2015, by Parlophone in the United Kingdom, and by Atlantic Records in the United States.  Coldplay recorded the album from late 2014 to mid 2015, right after the completion of their previous album "Ghost Stories", with a markedly different style and sound from its predecessors.  For various songs, Coldplay collaborated with Beyoncé, Noel Gallagher, Tove Lo, Khatia Buniatishvili and Merry Clayton.  The album was produced by Rik Simpson and Stargate.  The album also features a sample of President Barack Obama singing "Amazing Grace" at Clementa C. Pinckney's funeral on the song "Kaleidoscope".

[title] Estadio Ciudad de La Plata
The Estadio Ciudad de La Plata ("City of La Plata Stadium") is a multi-purpose stadium located in the city of La Plata, Argentina.  It is also known popularly as the Estadio Único and is owned by the Province of Buenos Aires, administered jointly by the provincial government, the Municipality of La Plata, and the football clubs Estudiantes de La Plata and Gimnasia y Esgrima de la Plata.

[title] A Head Full of Dreams Tour
The A Head Full of Dreams Tour is the seventh concert tour currently being undertaken by British alternative rock band Coldplay, launched in support of their namesake seventh studio album "A Head Full of Dreams".  Marking the band's return to large-scale venues, after the brief and intimate Ghost Stories Tour, the tour will visit stadiums and arenas across five continents.  The A Head Full of Dreams Tour boasts extensive laser light and pyrotechnic visuals similar to the Mylo Xyloto Tour, and also sees a reappearance of the Xylobands as a central part of the show's visual design.  The tour consists of eight legs, with a total of 123 shows across Latin America, where they performed for the first time since the Viva la Vida Tour, Europe, North America, where they embarked on their very first stadium tour of the United States, Oceania, and Asia.  The first show of the tour was held at the Estadio Ciudad de La Plata in La Plata, Argentina, on 31 March 2016 and is set to conclude at the same venue on 15 November 2017.  A live album covering the tour will be released in November 2017.

[title] Hymn for the Weekend
"Hymn for the Weekend" is a song by British rock band Coldplay with uncredited guest vocals from American singer Beyoncé.  It was released on 25 January 2016 as the second single from their seventh studio album, "A Head Full of Dreams" (2015).  The song was written by the members of Coldplay and produced by Rik Simpson, Tim Bergling, Digital Divide, and Stargate.

[title] Wildest Dreams Tour
Wildest Dreams Tour is the seventh concert tour by American singer Tina Turner. The tour supported her eighth studio album "Wildest Dreams".  The tour is Turner's biggest outing to date, performing over 250 dates in Europe, North America and Australasia—surpassing her Break Every Rule Tour in 1987.  Lasting nearly 16 months, the tour is estimated to have grossed over $100 million.  The tour was sponsored by Hanes, as Turner became the spokesperson for their new hosiery line.  The tour was financially successful, especially in North America.  It is estimated that tour grossed over 20 million dollars with an attendance of over 650,000 spectators.

[title] Kaleidoscope (EP)
Kaleidoscope is the thirteenth EP by British rock band Coldplay, released worldwide on 14 July 2017.  It serves as a companion piece to Coldplay's seventh studio album, "A Head Full of Dreams" (2015).

[title] Everglow
"Everglow" is a song by British rock band Coldplay.  It is the fourth track, promotional single and fifth single proper from their seventh studio album, "A Head Full of Dreams".  The song features uncredited guest vocals by Gwyneth Paltrow, the ex-wife of Chris Martin.  The song was served as a promotional single of the album and released on 26 November 2015.  The track was also premiered during Zane Lowe's Beats 1 radio show.  On 11 November 2016 it was released digitally as the fifth single proper from the album, in a newly-recorded stripped-down version that was inspired by Martin's unrehearsed solo performance of the song at the recent Glastonbury Festival due to a technical mishap.  The version ended with a sample of Muhammad Ali's 1977 speech in Newcastle upon Tyne.

[title] Maiden England World Tour
The Maiden England World Tour was a concert tour by Iron Maiden, which began on 21 June 2012 in Charlotte, North Carolina and ended on 5 July 2014 with a performance at the Sonisphere Festival at Knebworth, UK.  The tour's setlist was largely based on the original 1989 concert video of the same name, shot during the Seventh Tour of a Seventh Tour in 1988, which was re-released in 2013.  Because of this, the tour's setlist consisted almost entirely of the band's 1980s material, with a particular focus on their 1988 album, "Seventh Son of a Seventh Son".  The stage show was also based on the original tour and featured numerous pyrotechnic effects in addition to multiple appearances by the band's mascot, Eddie.  Following 2005's Eddie Rips Up the World Tour and 2008–2009's Somewhere Back in Time World Tour, this was the group's third and final tour inspired by a particular period of their history.

[title] In Your Wildest Dreams (song)
"In Your Wildest Dreams" is a duet released by Tina Turner and Barry White in 1996, from Turner's album "Wildest Dreams".  The single's largest success was in Austria where it peaked at #2.  The original European album version featured spoken vocals by actor Antonio Banderas, while for the single version and U.S. edition of the "Wildest Dreams" album, Turner re-recorded the track with White.  "In Your Wildest Dreams", released in December 1996, was the seventh and final single release from the album and was issued in a wide range of formats and versions; the promo 12" singles featured remixes by, among others, Deep Dish and Pink Noise.  Certain European CD singles also included two live recordings from the "Wildest Dreams Tour", "Missing You" and "GoldenEye".

[title] Seventh Tour of a Seventh Tour
Seventh Tour of a Seventh Tour was a world tour conducted by British heavy metal band Iron Maiden in 1988, in support of their seventh studio album, "Seventh Son of a Seventh Son".  It was their last tour to feature guitarist Adrian Smith until he rejoined the band in 1999 and their first to include Michael Kenney (bassist Steve Harris' technician) on keyboards.
