[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Gigantic (2008 film)
Gigantic is a 2008 independent comedy film directed by Matt Aselton and starring Paul Dano, Zooey Deschanel, John Goodman, Edward Asner and Jane Alexander.  The script, written by Aselton and his college friend Adam Nagata, tells of Brian (Dano), a mattress salesman who wishes to adopt a baby from China, but finds himself sharing his passion, with the quirky, wealthy Harriet (Deschanel) when they meet in his store.  The story was based on Aselton's childhood wish for his parents to adopt a Chinese baby.  The film was shot in New York and Connecticut.  It had its world premiere at 2008's Toronto International Film Festival and was released in the United States on April 3, 2009.

[title] First Monday in October (film)
First Monday in October is a 1981 American comedy-drama film from Paramount Pictures, produced by Paul M. Heller and Martha Scott, directed by Ronald Neame, that is based on the play of the same name by Jerome Lawrence and Robert E. Lee.  The film stars Walter Matthau (for which he was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy) and Jill Clayburgh (for which she was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy).  The cast also co-stars Jan Sterling in her final feature film role.

[title] Cate Blanchett
Catherine Elise Blanchett, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} ( ; born 14 May 1969) is an Australian actress and theatre director.  She has received international acclaim and many accolades, including two Academy Awards, three Golden Globe Awards, three BAFTA Awards, six AACTA Awards, and three Screen Actors Guild Awards. Blanchett came to international attention for her role as Elizabeth I of England in Shekhar Kapur's 1998 film "Elizabeth", for which she won the BAFTA Award for Best Actress, the Golden Globe Award, and earned her first Academy Award for Best Actress nomination.  Her portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in Martin Scorsese's 2004 film "The Aviator" brought her critical acclaim and many accolades, including the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role, making her the only actor to win an Oscar for portraying another Oscar-winning actor.  In 2013, she starred as Jasmine Francis in Woody Allen's "Blue Jasmine", for which she won numerous accolades including the Academy Award for Best Actress.

[title] Russell Crowe filmography
This is the complete filmography of Russell Crowe throughout his entire career.  Crowe has acted in blockbuster films such as "Gladiator" (2000), a historical epic for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor.  He is also a winner of the BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Leading Role and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama for his portrayal of John Forbes Nash Jr. in the biographical drama "A Beautiful Mind" (2001).

[title] Revolutionary Road (film)
Revolutionary Road is a 2008 British-American romantic drama film directed by Sam Mendes.  It was written by Justin Haythe and based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Richard Yates.  This is the second on-screen collaboration among Leonardo DiCaprio, Kate Winslet and Kathy Bates, who previously co-starred in "Titanic".  The performances of DiCaprio and Winslet earned them a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama nomination and a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress respectively, and the film was nominated for a further three Golden Globes, four BAFTAs and three Oscars.

[title] John Goodman
John Stephen Goodman (born June 20, 1952) is an American actor.  Early in his career, he was best known for playing Dan Conner on the ABC TV series "Roseanne" (1988–1997), for which he won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor in 1993.  He is also a regular collaborator with the Coen brothers on such films as "Raising Arizona" (1987), "Barton Fink" (1991), "The Big Lebowski" (1998), "O Brother, Where Art Thou? " (2000), and "Inside Llewyn Davis" (2013).  Goodman's voice roles in animated films include Pacha in Disney's "The Emperor's New Groove" (2000), and Sulley in Pixar's "Monsters, Inc." (2001), and "Monsters University" (2013).

[title] Stathis Giallelis
Stathis Giallelis (Greek: Στάθης Γιαλελής ; born January 21, 1941) is a Greek actor.  He won brief international renown in the early 1960s as the star of Elia Kazan's Academy Award-nominated epic "America, America", a role which brought him the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actor, as well as a nomination for Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama.

[title] Nick Nolte
Nicholas King Nolte (born February 8, 1941) is an American actor and former model.  He won the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama, and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1991 film "The Prince of Tides".  He went on to receive Academy Award nominations for "Affliction" (1998) and "Warrior" (2011).  His other film appearances include "The Deep" (1977), "48 Hrs. " (1982), "Down and Out in Beverly Hills" (1986), "Another 48 Hrs. " (1990), "Everybody Wins" (1990), "Cape Fear" (1991), "Lorenzo's Oil" (1992), "The Thin Red Line" (1998), "The Good Thief" (2002), "Hulk" (2003), "Hotel Rwanda" (2004), "Tropic Thunder" (2008), "A Walk in the Woods" (2015) and "The Ridiculous 6" (2015).  He was also nominated for a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Television Series Musical or Comedy for his role in the TV series "Graves" (2016–present).

[title] Cantinflas
Mario Fortino Alfonso Moreno Reyes, known casually as Mario Moreno, and known professionally as Cantinflas (August 12, 1911 – April 20, 1993), was a Mexican comic film actor, producer, and screenwriter and an iconic figure in Mexico and Latin America.  He often portrayed impoverished "campesinos" or a peasant of "pelado" origin.  The character came to be associated with the national identity of Mexico, and allowed Cantinflas to establish a long, successful film career that included a foray into Hollywood.  Charlie Chaplin once commented that he was the best comedian alive, and Moreno has been referred to as the "Charlie Chaplin of Mexico".  To audiences in the United States, he is best remembered as co-starring with David Niven in the Academy Award winner for Best Picture film "Around the World in 80 Days", for which Moreno won a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.

[title] Tom Cruise filmography
Tom Cruise is an American actor and producer who made his film debut with a minor role in the 1981 romantic drama "Endless Love".  Two years later he made his breakthrough by starring in the romantic comedy "Risky Business" (1983), which garnered Cruise his first nomination for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy.  In 1986, Cruise played a fighter pilot in the Tony Scott-directed action drama "Top Gun" (the highest-grossing film that year), and also starred opposite Paul Newman in the Martin Scorsese-directed drama "The Color of Money".  Two years later he played opposite Dustin Hoffman in the Academy Award for Best Picture-winning drama "Rain Man" (1988), and also appeared in the Golden Raspberry Award for Worst Picture-winning romantic drama "Cocktail" (1988).  In doing so Cruise became the first and only person as of 2014 to star in a Best Picture Oscar winner and a Worst Picture Razzie winner in the same year.  His next role was as anti-war activist Ron Kovic in the drama adaptation of Kovic's memoir of the same name, "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989).  For his performance Cruise received the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama and his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor.
