[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger
Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger (恐竜戦隊ジュウレンジャー , Kyōryū Sentai Jūrenjā ) is a Japanese tokusatsu television series and the sixteenth installment in the long-running "Super Sentai" franchise of superhero programs.  Produced by Toei and Bandai, it aired on TV Asahi from February 21, 1992 to February 12, 1993, with a total of 50 episodes.  It was the first Sentai series to have a regular Sixth Ranger.  It was also the first Sentai series to be adapted into an installment of the American "Power Rangers" series.  Footage from all 50 episodes was extensively used for the first season of "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers".  The title Toei gives this series for international distribution is "Galaxy Rangers".

[title] GoGo Sentai Boukenger
GoGo Sentai Boukenger (轟轟戦隊ボウケンジャー , Gōgō Sentai Bōkenjā ) is the 30th series in Toei's Super Sentai series, a franchise of Japanese tokusatsu television series.  It is the first installment to be broadcast in HDTV.  It premiered on February 19, 2006 at 7:30 a.m. on TV Asahi.  Its footage was used in the American series, "Power Rangers Operation Overdrive", while the original footage was dubbed into Korean for the South Korean series, "Power Rangers Treasure Force".

[title] Gosei Sentai Dairanger
Gosei Sentai Dairanger (五星戦隊ダイレンジャー , Gosei Sentai Dairenjā ) is a Japanese tokusatsu television series.  It was the seventeenth production in the long-running Super Sentai franchise of television tokusatsu dramas produced by Toei Company, following "Kyōryū Sentai Zyuranger".  It was originally broadcast from February 19, 1993 to February 11, 1994.  Toei gave this series the name "Star Rangers" for international distribution.

[title] Engine Sentai Go-onger
Engine Sentai Go-onger (炎神戦隊ゴーオンジャー , Enjin Sentai Gōonjā ) is the title of Toei Company's thirty-second Super Sentai series of Japanese tokusatsu television series.  It premiered on February 17, 2008, a week following the finale of "Juken Sentai Gekiranger", and ended on February 8, 2009.  It aired as part of TV Asahi's 2008 Super Hero Time block alongside "Kamen Rider Kiva".  Its footage was used for the American series, "Power Rangers RPM" and was dubbed into Korean as "Power Rangers Engine Force".  The catchphrase for the series is "Rushing by at full-throttle mach speed, our slogan is 'go on!'"  (マッハ全開で突っ走る俺たちの合言葉は"ゴーオン！" , Mahha zenkai de tsuppashiru oretachi no aikotoba wa "Gō On!" )  .

[title] Power Rangers
Power Rangers is an American entertainment and merchandising franchise built around a live action superhero television series.  Produced first by Saban Entertainment, later by BVS Entertainment, and today by SCG Power Rangers, the television series takes much of its footage from the Japanese tokusatsu "Super Sentai", produced by Toei Company.  The first "Power Rangers" entry, "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers", debuted on August 28, 1993, and helped launch the Fox Kids programming block of the 1990s, during which it catapulted into popular culture along with a line of action figures and other toys by Bandai.  s of 2001 , the media franchise has generated over $6 billion in retail sales worldwide.

[title] Super Sentai
The Super Sentai Series (スーパー戦隊シリーズ , Sūpā Sentai Shirīzu ) is a long-running Japanese superhero team franchise of TV series produced by Toei Co., Ltd., Toei Agency and Bandai, and aired by TV Asahi ("Sentai" is the Japanese word for "task force" or "fighting squadron").  The shows are of the "tokusatsu" genre, featuring live action characters and colorful special effects, and are aimed at children.  "Super Sentai" is one of the most prominent "tokusatsu" franchises in Japan, alongside the Ultra Series and the Kamen Rider Series, which it currently airs alongside in the "Super Hero Time" programming block on Sundays.  Outside Japan, the Super Sentai Series is best known as the source material for the "Power Rangers" franchise.

[title] Unofficial Sentai Akibaranger
Unofficial Sentai Akibaranger (非公認戦隊アキバレンジャー , Hikōnin Sentai Akibarenjā ) is a Japanese tokusatsu comedy series based on the Super Sentai Series.  It is not part of the official line up in Toei Company's Super Sentai franchise, but is instead a parody geared towards adults who were fans of the franchise as children.  The show aired on BS Asahi (TV Asahi's broadcast satellite channel) starting April 6, 2012, and Tokyo MX starting April 9, 2012.

[title] Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger
Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger (動物戦隊ジュウオウジャー , Dōbutsu Sentai Jūōjā ) is a Japanese Tokusatsu television series and the 40th entry of Toei's long-running Super Sentai series, following "Shuriken Sentai Ninninger".  "Zyuohger" premiered February 14, 2016, joining "Kamen Rider Ghost", and later, "Kamen Rider Ex-Aid" in the "Super Hero Time" line-up on TV Asahi affiliate stations, until its conclusion on February 5, 2017.  Released as part of Super Sentai's 40th anniversary and Toei's "Super Hero Year", "Zyuohger" is the fourth series in the franchise whose central theme is animals, 28 years after "Choujuu Sentai Liveman", 15 years after "Hyakujuu Sentai Gaoranger" and 10 years after "Juken Sentai Gekiranger".  The series also has a Minecraft-inspired cube/square motif.  The lead screenwriter for the series is Junko Kōmura.

[title] Chouriki Sentai Ohranger
Chōriki Sentai Ohranger (超力戦隊オーレンジャー , Chōriki Sentai Ōrenjā ) is a Japanese tokusatsu television series and the 19th installment in the long-running Super Sentai franchise of superhero programs.  Its footage was used in the American series, "Power Rangers Zeo" (the closing credits of "Zeo" referred to it as "O Rangers").

[title] Kimberly Hart
Kimberly Ann Hart is a fictitious character in the "Power Rangers" universe.  Played by actress Amy Jo Johnson during the first three seasons of the show, plus on the two feature films of the franchise, Kimberly has the longest tenure of any female ranger in the series' history, and fourth overall.  She is possibly the best remembered as the first Pink Ranger and first Pink Ninja Ranger from the first entry of the franchise "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers".  Kimberly was the Pink Ranger for nearly three years before she was written off the show as having given up her powers for good to Zordon's new alumna Katherine Hillard.
