[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Baby Doll
Baby Doll is a 1956 American black comedy drama film directed by Elia Kazan, and starring Carroll Baker, Karl Malden and Eli Wallach.  The film also features Mildred Dunnock and Rip Torn.  It was produced by Kazan and Tennessee Williams, and adapted by Williams from his own one-act play "27 Wagons Full of Cotton".  The plot focuses on a feud between two rival cotton gin owners in rural Mississippi; after one of the men commits arson against the other's gin, the owner retaliates by attempting to seduce the arsonist's nineteen-year-old virgin bride with the hopes of receiving an admission by her of her husband's guilt.

[title] Nicholas Ray
Nicholas Ray (born Raymond Nicholas Kienzle Jr., August 7, 1911 – June 16, 1979) was an American film director best known for the movie "Rebel Without a Cause."

[title] Elia Kazan
Elia Kazan (born Elias Kazantzoglou September 7, 1909 – September 28, 2003) was a Greek-American director, producer, writer and actor, described by "The New York Times" as "one of the most honored and influential directors in Broadway and Hollywood history".

[title] Art &amp; Gadg
Art & Gadg is an original radio play by Gregory Evans about the relationship between Arthur Miller (Art) and Elia Kazan (Gadg short for gadget, a nickname of Kazan).  The 45-minute play was first transmitted on BBC Radio 4 15 January 2013.  It was directed by Marc Beeby.

[title] A Letter to Elia
A Letter to Elia is a 2010 documentary film directed by Kent Jones and Martin Scorsese that follows the life and career of film director Elia Kazan and how he influenced Scorsese.  Made from clips from films, stills, readings from Kazan's autobiography, a speech he wrote on directing read by Elias Koteas, a videotaped interview done late in Kazan's life, and Scorsese's commentary on and off screen.

[title] The Visitors (1972 film)
The Visitors is a 1972 American drama film directed by Elia Kazan.  It was entered into the 1972 Cannes Film Festival.  Kazan used Daniel Lang's "Casualties of War" story as a jumping-off point for this film.

[title] Truckline Cafe
Truckline Cafe was the title of a 1946 Broadway play written by Maxwell Anderson, directed by Harold Clurman, produced by Elia Kazan, and starring Marlon Brando and Karl Malden.  The short-lived play ran only 13 performances and is best remembered today for the fact that each night Brando would run up and down a flight of stairs prior to an entrance to induce an effectively frenzied demeanor for one of the scenes.  The cast also included David Manners, to whom Brando has attributed much of his subsequent success, and Kevin McCarthy.  The play is noted for Brando's first major appearance on Broadway, during which he garnered attention for an unusually intense performance which presaged his later work on "A Streetcar Named Desire".  "Truckline Cafe" is also notable for being the first collaboration between Brando and Kazan, who later made "A Streetcar Named Desire", "Viva Zapata", and "On the Waterfront" together.  The play also remains notable for being the first time Brando and Malden worked together, prior to co-starring in "A Streetcar Named Desire", "On the Waterfront", and "One Eyed Jacks".

[title] All My Sons
All My Sons is a 1947 play by Arthur Miller.  It opened on Broadway at the Coronet Theatre in New York City on January 29, 1947, closed on November 8, 1949 and ran for 328 performances.  It was directed by Elia Kazan (to whom it is dedicated), produced by Elia Kazan and Harold Clurman, and won the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award.  It starred Ed Begley, Beth Miller, Arthur Kennedy, and Karl Malden and won both the Tony Award for Best Author and the Tony Award for Best Direction of a Play.  The play was adapted for films in 1949 and 1987.

[title] Maya Kazan
Maya Kazan (born November 24, 1986) is an American stage, TV and film actress and director.  She is known for playing Caroline in "Frances Ha", Eleanor Gallinger on "The Knick" and Mabel Thompson on "Boardwalk Empire".  She is the daughter of screenwriters Nicholas Kazan and Robin Swicord.  She is the granddaughter of film director Elia Kazan and playwright Molly Kazan.  Maya is the younger sister of actress Zoe Kazan.

[title] Macao (film)
Macao is a 1952 black-and-white film noir adventure directed by Josef von Sternberg and Nicholas Ray.  Producer Howard Hughes fired director von Sternberg during filming and hired Nicholas Ray to finish it.  The drama features Robert Mitchum, Jane Russell, William Bendix, and Gloria Grahame.
