[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Parallel key
In music, a major scale and a minor scale that have the same tonic are called parallel keys and are said to be in a parallel relationship.  The parallel minor or tonic minor of a particular major key is the minor key based on the same tonic; similarly the parallel major has the same tonic as the minor key (from the Greek, "para alleilos", "beside each other").  For example, G major and G minor have different modes but both have the same tonic, G; so we say that G minor is the parallel minor of G major.  In contrast, a major scale and a minor scale that have the same key signature (and therefore different tonics) are called relative keys.

[title] Paloma (cocktail)
The paloma (Spanish for "dove") is a tequila-based cocktail.  This drink is most commonly prepared by mixing tequila with a grapefruit-flavored soda such as Fresca, Squirt, or Jarritos and served on the rocks with a lime wedge.  This drink also has the option of adding salt to the rim of the glass.

[title] Sazerac Company
The Sazerac Company is a large privately held alcoholic beverages company with headquarters in Metairie, Louisiana (in the New Orleans metropolitan area).  Its distilleries include the Barton Brands distillery (in Bardstown, Kentucky), the Buffalo Trace Distillery (in Frankfort, Kentucky), the former Glenmore Distillery (now a bottling plant in Owensboro, Kentucky), and the A. Smith Bowman Distillery (a microdistillery in Fredericksburg, Virginia).  The products of the company and its subsidiaries include various types of whiskey, vodka, gin, tequila, rum, brandy, cognac, cocktails, cordials, liqueurs, "shooters", and wine.

[title] Seafood cocktail
Seafood cocktails are appetizer dishes including shrimp cocktail, squid cocktail, and mixed seafood cocktails.  Various preparations use ingredients such as fish and octopus.  Seafood cocktails often include lime juice, a tomato based sauce and are sometimes served with lemon.  Seafood cocktails are eaten in the U.S. and Latin America.

[title] Salty dog (cocktail)
A salty dog is a cocktail of tequila, or gin, and grapefruit juice, served in a highball glass with a salted rim.  The salt is the only difference between a salty dog and a greyhound.  Vodka may be used as a substitute for tequila; nevertheless, it is historically a tequila drink.

[title] Sweet Melissa
A Sweet Melissa is a gin-based cocktail that was named by its creator, Daniel Bouie, after his wife Melissa Chabran Bouie.  Sweet Melissa is made with gin, tonic water and a splash of Jack Daniel's in a short glass of ice.  Care must be taken not to add too much whiskey to this gin & tonic beverage.

[title] Tequila and tonic
Tequila and tonic, also known as TnT or Teqtonic, is a non-standard highball beverage.  The drink is made with a 2:1 ratio of tonic water to tequila and is served with lemon or lime wedges on ice.

[title] Tonic water
Tonic water (or Indian tonic water) is a carbonated soft drink in which quinine is dissolved.  Originally used as a prophylactic against malaria, tonic water usually now has a significantly lower quinine content and is consumed for its distinctive bitter flavour.  It is often used in mixed drinks, particularly in gin and tonic.

[title] Gin and tonic
A gin and tonic is a highball cocktail made with gin and tonic water poured over ice.  It is usually garnished with a slice or wedge of lime.  The amount of gin varies according to taste.  Suggested ratios of gin to tonic are between 1:1 and 1:3.

[title] Mário-Henrique Leiria
Mário-Henrique Leiria (1923–1980) was a Portuguese surrealist poet.  Born in Lisbon, he studied at the Escola de Belas Artes.  He and his fellow surrealists were involved in an absurdist plot to overthrow the dictatorship of Antonio Salazar.  He is best known for his books "Contos do Gin-Tonic" (Gin and Tonic Tales, 1973) and "Novos Contos do Gin" (More Gin Tales, 1974).  He died in 1980.
