[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Somebody to Love (film)
Somebody to Love is a 1994 American romantic-drama film directed by Alexandre Rockwell.  It is inspired by Federico Fellini's "Nights of Cabiria".  It entered the competition at the 51st Venice International Film Festival.

[title] Four Rooms
Four Rooms is a 1995 American anthology comedy film co-written and co-directed by Allison Anders, Alexandre Rockwell, Robert Rodriguez, and Quentin Tarantino, each directing a segment of it that in its entirety is loosely based on the adult short fiction writings of Roald Dahl, especially "Man from the South" which is the basis for the last one, "Penthouse - "The Man from Hollywood"" directed by Tarantino.  The story is set in the fictional Hotel Mon Signor in Los Angeles on New Year's Eve.  Tim Roth plays Ted, the bellhop and main character in the frame story, whose first night on the job consists of four very different encounters with various hotel guests.

[title] In the Soup
In the Soup is a 1992 independent comedy directed by Alexandre Rockwell.  It stars Steve Buscemi as Aldolpho Rollo, a self-conscious screenwriter who has written an unfilmable 500-page screenplay and is looking for a producer.

[title] Koh Rong Sanloem
Koh Rong Sanloem (Khmer: កោះរុងសន្លឹម, also "Kaoh Rong Sanloem") is an island off the coast of Sihanoukville, Cambodia, 4 km south of Koh Rong island.  It is around 9 km long (north to south), 4 km wide (east to west) and 1 km wide at its narrowest point.  Its distance from the local port of Sihanoukville is 25 km (beeline) and 23 km (beeline) from the Serendipity/Ochheuteal beach pier.  The word "Sanloem" translates to: 1.  drowsiness and to: 2.  far out and hard to discern, in a wider sense.  Inconsistencies on how to spell the island's name in its Latinized version date back to the 19th century.  The first controversial spelling variants were issued by map makers during French rule.  Alternatives have since become widespread and are in common usage.  Often confusion ensues as Google Maps offers the phonetically most consistent variant, whereas Google Search redirects to an alternative.

[title] Am Rong
Am Rong (1929 – May 1975) was a Cambodian soldier and filmmaker, who acted as a spokesman on military matters for the Khmer Republic during the Cambodian Civil War.  Western journalists commented on the irony of his name as he gave briefings which "painted a rosy picture of the increasingly desperate situation on the ground" during the war.

[title] 13 Moons
13 Moons is a 2002 comedy-drama film by Alexandre Rockwell.  The title is a reference to the saying of a minor character's mother, who suggested that if nights of the full moon are strange, then "this must be the night of thirteen moons."

[title] Pete Smalls Is Dead
Pete Smalls Is Dead is a 2010 American comedy film directed by Alexandre Rockwell and written by Brandon Cole and Alexandre Rockwell.  The film stars Mark Boone Junior, Peter Dinklage, Seymour Cassel, Todd Barry, Steve Buscemi, Rosie Perez and Tim Roth.  The film was released on April 14, 2011.

[title] Little Feet (film)
Little Feet is a 2013 American drama film written and directed by Alexandre Rockwell.  It was screened in the Contemporary World Cinema section at the 2013 Toronto International Film Festival.

[title] Alexandre Rockwell
Rockwell is the grandson of the Russian animator Alexandre Alexeieff, who invented the pinscreen, and of Alexandra Grinevsky, Countess de Lowendhal.  His grandmother was a stage actress in Paris, as well as an artist.  His father was also an actor and filmmaker.  His mother, Svetlana Rockwell, was born in Paris and emigrated to the US to marry Alex's father; she was a painter.  Rockwell grew up in Cambridge, MA and moved to New York City in his early 20s.

[title] Rong (surname)
Rong is the pinyin romanization of several Chinese family names, which including 戎 Róng, 融 Róng, 荣 Róng, 容 Róng, etc.  Among these names, 荣 Róng and 容 Róng are relatively common.  during the early Zhou Dynasty, Rong (戎) people the "Rong You" (戎右) get surname Rong (戎).
