[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] EICAR test file
The EICAR Anti-Virus Test File or EICAR test file is a computer file that was developed by the European Institute for Computer Antivirus Research (EICAR) and Computer Antivirus Research Organization (CARO), to test the response of computer antivirus (AV) programs.  Instead of using real malware, which could cause real damage, this test file allows people to test anti-virus software without having to use a real computer virus.

[title] Imposs
Stanley Rimsky Salgado known by his stage name Imposs is a Canadian rapper of Haitian origin based in Quebec.  Before becoming a solo artist, he was part of Muzion, one of the well-known hip hop bands of Quebec.  He has collaborated on many occasions with Wyclef Jean during Muzion days and as a solo artist.  He is also well known for dubbing the phrase "Real City" for Montreal.  He is signed to the K.Pone.Inc music label.

[title] Real Damage
Real Damage is a Split EP of American indie rock band Gossip and Electropop solo artist Tracy + the Plastics, it was released on January 25, 2005.

[title] Luba (singer)
Luba (born Lubomyra Kowalchyk (Ukrainian: Любомира Ковальчук ), April 24, 1958, Montreal, Quebec, Canada) is a Canadian musician, singer, songwriter and recording artist of Ukrainian descent.  She was commercially active from 1980 to 1990, 2000 to 2001 and is active again from 2007 to present.  She was initially the vocalist for a band named "Luba" before signing as a solo artist under that name.  She has released five full-length albums and two EPs as a solo artist.  (Two albums were released as a member of a band – 1973's Zorya, (Via Zorya) and 1980's "Chain Reaction" – with a band named "Luba".)  Two of her albums are certified platinum by the Canadian music industry (sales in excess of 100,000 units).  She has nine top-40 hits on the Canadian pop charts.  Her signature song is "Everytime I See Your Picture" (1983).  Her most successful song is a cover of Percy Sledge's "When a Man Loves a Woman" which reached No. 6 on the Canadian pop chart and No. 3 on the Canadian adult contemporary chart (1987).  She is a three-time winner of the Canadian music industry Juno Award for Female Vocalist of the Year (1985–1987).  Her success is limited to her native Canada as she has never charted in the US or elsewhere.  In addition to her Juno Awards, Luba has also received CASBY and Félix Awards, and a Black Music Association Award for "Female Entertainer of the Year".  Most recently, her music has been featured on "Canadian Idol".  She continues to record music under her own independent label.

[title] Bill LaBounty
Bill LaBounty is an American musician.  He was initially a singer-songwriter in the soft rock genre, first as a member of the band Fat Chance, and later as a solo artist.  As a solo artist, LaBounty recorded six studio albums, including four on Curb Records/Warner Bros.  Records.  His first chart single, "This Night Won't Last Forever", was covered in 1979 by Michael Johnson, whose rendition was a Top 20 pop hit that year.

[title] Hum Award for Best Solo Artist
The Hum Award for Best Solo Artist is one of the Hum Awards presented annually by the Hum Television Network and Entertainment Channel (HTNEC) to best Music Artist who has delivered an outstanding performance while working within the Music industry.  Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the hum for Best Solo Artist.  Nominations are made by Hum members who are artists and composers, and the winners are chosen by the Hum membership as a whole. .

[title] Electropop
Electropop is a variant of synth-pop that places more emphasis on a harder, electronic sound.  The genre has seen a revival of popularity and influence since the 2000s.

[title] San Miguel (volcano)
San Miguel (also known as Volcán Chaparrastique) is a stratovolcano in central-eastern El Salvador, approximately 15 km southwest of the city of San Miguel.  On January 16, 2002, a minor eruption of steam, gas, and ash occurred from the summit crater, lasting 3 hours but causing no real damage to life or property.  Carbon dioxide emissions had been monitored since November 2001, and their steady increase continued to build up until the eruption.

[title] The Real Damage
The Real Damage is the second EP by UK singer-songwriter Frank Turner.  It was released via Xtra Mile Recordings on 7 May 2007 and features all newly recorded songs with exception of the title track.

[title] List of Kelly Rowland live performances
American recording artist Kelly Rowland has embarked on eight concert tours during her career, six of which as a solo artist, including three of her own, two as a collaborative act and one as an opening act.  In her six solo live tours and notable events dates, she has performed as a solo singer in over 119 shows in six continents through twenty-one countries: in Asia (China, Japan, Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore), in Africa (Nigeria), in Europe (Germany, United Kingdom, France, Italy, Netherlands, Belgium, Switzerland, Denmark, Monaco), in North America (United States, Canada and The Bahamas), in South America (Brazil) and in Oceania (Australia, and the US State of Hawaii).  Throughout a career spanning 18 years, Rowland has sold over 40 million records as a solo artist with four studio albums, two compilation albums, one box set, two extended plays and forty-three singles, including nineteen as a featured artist and five promotional singles, and a further 60 million records with Destiny's Child.  Her work has earned her several awards and nominations, including four Grammy Awards, a Billboard Music Award and a Soul Train Music Award.  Rowland has also received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame with Destiny's Child, and as a solo artist she has been honored by the American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers and "Essence" for her contributions to music.  In 2014, Fuse ranked Rowland in their "100 Most Award-Winning Artists" list at number 20.
