[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Split Rock Lighthouse State Park
Split Rock Lighthouse State Park is a state park of Minnesota on the North Shore of Lake Superior.  It is best known for the picturesque Split Rock Lighthouse, one of the most photographed lighthouses in the United States.  Built by the United States Lighthouse Service in 1910, the lighthouse and some adjacent buildings have been restored and the Minnesota Historical Society operates them as a museum.  The 2200 acre state park offers a unique cart-in campground and scenic trails for hiking, cross-country skiing, and bicycling.

[title] Baldred Rock
Baldred Rock ( ) is a rock in Fitchie Bay at Laurie Island in the South Orkney Islands.  It lies close off the south side of Ferrier Peninsula, 0.75 nmi east-southeast of Graptolite Island.  This rock was mapped by the Scottish National Antarctic Expedition under William Speirs Bruce, 1902–04, and was later named "Bass Rock" owing to its likeness to the Bass Rock in Scotland.  The name Bass Rock has also appeared on charts as an alternative name for an island in the Joinville Island group.  To avoid confusion of these names, in 1954 the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee recommended an entirely new name for the rock at Fitchie Bay.  Baldred Rock is named after Saint Baldred, the first hermit known to have lived on the Scottish Bass Rock.

[title] Black Rock Harbor Light
Black Rock Harbor Light, also known as Fayerweather Island Light, is a lighthouse in Bridgeport, Connecticut, United States which stands on the south end of Fayerweather Island and marks the entrance to Black Rock Harbor.  The first lighthouse at the site, built by Abisha Woodward under contract with the United States government, was a wooden tower that was lit and made operational by 1808.  A storm destroyed the tower in 1821 and the current, stone lighthouse was erected in its place in 1823.  The Black Rock Harbor Light was an active navigational aid until 1933 when it was replaced by two automatic lights offshore.  The beacon was subsequently given to the City of Bridgeport in 1934.  Two significant efforts during the 1980s and 1990s served to restore the aging tower and the light was relit as a non-navigational aid in 2000.  Black Rock Lighthouse is listed as a contributing property for Bridgeport's Seaside Park historic district.

[title] Bass Rock Lighthouse
The Bass Rock Lighthouse on Bass Rock is a 20 m lighthouse, built in 1902 by David Stevenson, who demolished the 13th-century keep, or governor's house, and some other buildings within the castle for the stone.  The commissioners of the Northern Lighthouse Board decided that a lighthouse should be erected on the Bass Rock in July 1897 along with another light at Barns Ness near Dunbar.  The cost of constructing the Bass Rock light was £8,087, a light first being shone from the rock on the evening of 1 November 1902.  It has been unmanned since 1988 and is remotely monitored from the board’s headquarters in Edinburgh.  Until the automation the lighthouse was lit by incandescent gas obtained from vaporised paraffin oil converted into a bunsen gas for heating a mantle.  Since that time a new biform ML300 synchronised bifilament 20-watt electric lamp has been used.

[title] Split Rock Lighthouse
Split Rock Lighthouse is a lighthouse located southwest of Silver Bay, Minnesota, USA on the North Shore of Lake Superior.  The structure was designed by lighthouse engineer Ralph Russell Tinkham and was completed in 1910 by the United States Lighthouse Service at a cost of $75,000, including the buildings and the land.  It is considered one of the most picturesque lighthouses in the United States.

[title] New Brighton Lighthouse
New Brighton Lighthouse or Perch Rock Lighthouse, is a decommissioned lighthouse situated at the confluence of the River Mersey and Liverpool Bay on an outcrop off New Brighton known locally as Perch Rock.  Together with its neighbour, the Napoleonic era Fort Perch Rock, it is one of the Wirral's best known landmarks.

[title] Bass Rock
The Bass Rock, or simply the Bass ( ), is an island in the outer part of the Firth of Forth in the east of Scotland.  Approximately 2 km offshore, and 5 km north-east of North Berwick, it is a steep-sided volcanic rock, 107 m at its highest point, and is home to a large colony of gannets.  The rock is uninhabited, but historically has been settled by an early Christian hermit, and later was the site of an important castle, which after the Commonwealth period was used as a prison.  The island belongs to Sir Hew Hamilton-Dalrymple, whose family acquired it in 1706, and before to the Lauder family for almost six centuries.  The Bass Rock Lighthouse was constructed on the rock in 1902, and the remains of an ancient chapel survive.

[title] Halfway Rock Light
Halfway Rock Lighthouse is a lighthouse located on a barren ledge in Casco Bay, Maine.  The lighthouse tower, which has a height of 76 ft , and the attached ex-boathouse are all that remain, as the other buildings have been taken away in storms.  The name "Halfway Rock" comes from the position of the rock which is halfway between Cape Elizabeth and Cape Small, the southwest and northeast extremities of Casco Bay, which are about 18 nmi apart.

[title] Ida Lewis Rock Light
Ida Lewis Lighthouse, which was formerly the Lime Rock Lighthouse, is in the Newport harbor in Rhode Island.  It is named after Ida Lewis, who lived and worked at the lighthouse from 1857 and was the official lighthouse keeper from 1879 until her death in 1911.  She was celebrated for many acts of bravery in saving lives.

[title] Canty Bay
Canty Bay is a coastal hamlet off the A198, in East Lothian, Scotland, situated opposite the Bass Rock and Tantallon Castle.  Settlements nearby include Auldhame, Scoughall, Seacliff, and the Peffer Sands.
