[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Whiteout Conditions
Whiteout Conditions is the seventh studio album by Canadian indie rock band The New Pornographers.  It was released on April 7, 2017, and is the first album not to feature either longtime drummer Kurt Dahle or singer-songwriter Dan Bejar.

[title] A. C. Newman
Allan Carl Newman (born April 14, 1968) is a Canadian musician and singer–songwriter.  He was a member of the indie rock bands Superconductor and Zumpano in the 1990s.  Following the breakup of those bands, he reemerged as the leader of the New Pornographers in 2000, a band who have enjoyed commercial and critical success.

[title] Kings of Leon
Kings of Leon is an American rock band that formed in Nashville, Tennessee, in 1999.  The band is composed of brothers Caleb Followill (b. January 14, 1982, lead vocals, rhythm guitar), Nathan Followill (b. June 26, 1979, drums, percussion, backing vocals) and Jared Followill (b. November 20, 1986, bass guitar, backing vocals), with their cousin Matthew Followill (b. September 10, 1984, lead guitar, backing vocals).

[title] Little Scout
Little Scout are an independent band from Brisbane, Australia.  They have released two EPs and one album, and have toured with established Australian bands Yves Klein Blue, The Holidays, Holly Throsby, Clare Bowditch and Cloud Control; and international bands Belle and Sebastian, The New Pornographers, Sharon Van Etten, School of Seven Bells and Camera Obscura.  Soon after forming in 2008 they were named as one of Triple J's "Next Crop" artists and have been featured on Vimeo, receiving over 69,000 views.  Their debut album "Take Your Light" was released in 2011, to positive reviews.

[title] Neko Case
Neko Richelle Case ( ; born September 8, 1970) is an American singer-songwriter, best known for her solo career and her contributions as a member of the Canadian indie rock group The New Pornographers.

[title] Good People Rock
GOOD PEOPLE ROCK: A Yellow Bird Project Covers Compilation is an exclusive album of Yellow Bird Project bands covering other Yellow Bird Project bands.  It was released in vinyl and digital formats via Madic Records, which is a label imprint of Arts & Crafts Productions, owned and operated by Dan Mangan.  The album was crowd-funded on PledgeMusic and took several years to produce The album's first single, Andrew Bird's cover of "The Fake Headlines" (originally by The New Pornographers), was released on April 7, 2015 with a music video that was premiered on Pitchfork Media.

[title] Kathryn Calder
Kathryn Jane Calder (born June 17, 1982) is a Canadian indie rock musician, who performs as a solo artist, and is a member of the band The New Pornographers.  She is a former member of Immaculate Machine.  Calder started with The New Pornographers by filling in for Neko Case for live performances and was made a permanent member in 2006.

[title] Kurt Dahle
Kurt Colin Dahle is a Canadian musician best known for his work as a drummer and vocalist with the rock bands Age of Electric, Limblifter, and The New Pornographers.

[title] Phantom Buffalo
Phantom Buffalo is an indie-rock band from Portland, Maine.  The band was known as The Ponys until 2004, when both Portland's Ponys and Chicago-based band The Ponys were invited to perform at South by Southwest.  Being the lower-profile of the two bands, the Portland group decided on a name change shortly thereafter.  The current lineup consists of Jonathan Balzano-Brookes (vocals, guitar), Tim Burns (guitar, vocals), Joe Domrad (drums), Jacob Chamberlain (drums), Sean Newton (bass), and Philip Willey (guitar, accordion, keyboards).  The band has released music domestically on the Time-Lag Records label and in the UK on Rough Trade Records.  The band's jangly, psychedelic pop music has been compared to The Byrds and New Zealand's The Chills, as well as North American indie-pop acts like The Shins and The New Pornographers.

[title] The New Pornographers
The New Pornographers is a Canadian indie rock band formed in 1997 in Vancouver, British Columbia.  Presented as a musical collective of singer-songwriters and musicians from multiple projects, the band has released seven studio albums to critical acclaim for their use of multiple vocalists and elements of power pop incorporated into their music.
