[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Australian Law Librarians' Association
The Australian Law Librarians' Association is the professional body for Law Library staff in Australia.  Currently it has official state level bodies in NSW, Victoria, South Australia, Northern Territory and Western Australia and supports the industry through professional development, special interest publications, and events.  Formally, it is an incorporated association.

[title] Historias de un arrabal parisino
Historias de un arrabal parisino ("Stories of a Parisian suburb") is the third novel by the Venezuelan Vicente Ulive-Schnell and was published by Ediciones Idea in Spain.  The semi-biographical book is based on two articles that appeared in both the online and print editions of the New York newspaper "El Nuevo Cojo Ilustrado" in 2004.  The novel recounts the adventures of a young Venezuelan student in Paris, and his travels through the city's most distressed neighborhoods, Barbès and Château-Rouge.

[title] Golf Magazine
Golf Magazine is a monthly golf magazine owned by "Time Inc." It was started in April, 1959 by Universal Publishing and Distributing, who sold it to Times Mirror in 1972.  Time Inc. acquired it in 2000.  It was the world's most widely read golf publication from August 2006 to January 2007.  The magazine is for golfers of all skill levels.  Some features it includes are instruction from the top 100 teachers in America, interviews with famous golfers, tips on the best values for golf courses to go to on vacation, and an annual club test.

[title] El Nuevo Cojo
El Nuevo Cojo Ilustrado is an American online Spanish language magazine published from Los Angeles, California.  It was founded in 2003 as a free alternative webzine published monthly from Harlem, New York.  Originally it was an arts and opinion magazine focused exclusively on Venezuelan culture for Venezuelans living in the United States.  It also sought to be a window to the US press for Spanish-speaking immigrants by translating English articles from mainstream newspapers.  The website slowly embraced a wider audience by covering general interest issues.

[title] El Nuevo Heraldo
El Nuevo Heraldo is a Spanish-language newspaper in Brownsville, Texas, United States.  It is a sister newspaper to "The Brownsville Herald".  In 2009 the 2009 Texas Associated Press Managing Editors' annual meeting awarded the "El Nuevo Heraldo" as the best Spanish-language newspaper in the state.

[title] El Nuevo Herald
El Nuevo Herald is a newspaper published daily in Spanish in Southeast Florida, in Florida, the United States.  Its headquarters is in Doral.  "El Nuevo Herald"'s sister paper is the "Miami Herald", also produced by the McClatchy Company.

[title] Alberto Ibargüen
Alberto Ibargüen (born February 29, 1944) is President and CEO of the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation in Miami, Florida.  He is the former publisher of "The Miami Herald" and "El Nuevo Herald" in Miami, Florida.  Under his leadership, "The Miami Herald" won three Pulitzer Prizes; "El Nuevo Herald" won Spain's Ortega y Gasset Prize for excellence in journalism.

[title] Golf Digest
Golf Digest is a monthly golf magazine published by Condé Nast Publications in the United States.  It is a generalist golf publication covering recreational golf and men's and women's competitive golf.  Condé Nast Publications also publishes the more specialized "Golf for Women", "Golf World" and "Golf World Business".  The magazine started in 1950, and was sold to The New York Times Company in 1969.  The Times company sold their magazine division to Condé Nast in 2001.  The headquarters of "Golf Digest" is in Des Moines, Iowa.

[title] El Nuevo Diario
El Nuevo Diario is a Nicaraguan newspaper, with offices in the capital Managua.  "El Nuevo Diario" was cofounded in 1980 by a breakaway group of employees of "La Prensa" sympathetic to the Sandinista cause, that included 80 percent of the staff including the editor, Xavier Chamorro Cardenal and Danilo Aguirre Solís who opposed the new line of the journal.  As of 2006, "El Nuevo Diario" is one of the two major newspapers in Nicaragua, the other one is "La Prensa".

[title] Time Inc.
Time Inc. is a multinational mass media corporation founded on November 28, 1922 by Henry Luce and Briton Hadden and based in New York City.  It owns and publishes over 100 magazine brands, most notably its flagship "Time".  Other magazines include "Sports Illustrated", "Travel + Leisure", "Food & Wine", "Fortune", "People", "InStyle", "Life", "Golf Magazine", "Southern Living", "Essence", "Real Simple", and "Entertainment Weekly".  It also has subsidiaries which it co-operates with the UK magazine house Time Inc.  UK, whose major titles include "What's on TV", "NME", "Country Life", and "Wallpaper".  Time Inc. also co-operates over 60 websites and digital-only titles including "MyRecipes", "TheSnug", HelloGiggles, and "MIMI".
