[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Lion's Den (2008 film)
Lion's Den (Spanish: "Leonera" ) is a 2008 Argentine drama film directed, co-written, co-produced and co-edited by Pablo Trapero.  Addressing motherhood within the prison system, it stars Martina Gusmán, Elli Medeiros and Rodrigo Santoro.  The film competed in the Competition at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival.

[title] White Elephant (2012 film)
White Elephant (Spanish: Elefante blanco ) is a 2012 Argentine drama film directed by Pablo Trapero.  The film competed in the "Un Certain Regard" section at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival.

[title] Pablo Trapero
Pablo Trapero (Born 4 October 1971) is an Argentine film producer, editor and director.

[title] El Bonaerense
El bonaerense is a 2000 Argentine, Chilean, French, and Dutch drama film.  It was directed and produced by Pablo Trapero.  The screenplay was a joint effort of Nicolas Gueilburt, Ricardo Ragendorfer, Dodi Shoeuer, Pablo Trapero, and actor Daniel Valenzuela, and partly funded by INCAA.  It features Jorge Román, Mimí Ardú, among others.

[title] Crane World
Crane World (Spanish: Mundo grúa ) is an 1999 Argentine film, written and directed by Pablo Trapero.  The film was produced by Lita Stantic and Pablo Trapero.  It features Luis Margani, Adriana Aizemberg, Daniel Valenzuela, among others.

[title] Carancho
Carancho is a 2010 Argentine crime film directed by Pablo Trapero and starring Ricardo Darín and Martina Gusmán.  It was entered into the Un Certain Regard section of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival.  The film was selected as the Argentine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards, but it did not make the final shortlist.

[title] Familia rodante
Familia rodante (English: "Rolling Family") is a 2004 comedy drama film, written and directed by Pablo Trapero, and produced by various countries, including Argentina.  The film's executive producers were Hugo Castro Fau and Martina Gusman, and it was produced by Pablo Trapero, Robert Bevan, and Donald Ranvaud.

[title] The Clan (film)
The Clan (Spanish: El Clan ) is a 2015 Argentine biographical crime film directed by Pablo Trapero.  It was selected to be screened in the main competition section of the 72nd Venice International Film Festival, where director Pablo Trapero won the Silver Lion.  The film was selected as the Argentine entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 88th Academy Awards but was not nominated.

[title] Aleksander Ford
Aleksander Ford (born Mosze Lifszyc; 24 November 1908 in Kiev, Russian Empire – 4 April 1980 in Naples, Florida, United States) was a Polish Jewish film director; and head of the Polish People's Army Film Crew in the Soviet Union during World War II.  Ford became director of the nationalized Film Polski company following the Red Army occupation of Poland.

[title] 7 Days in Havana
7 Days in Havana (Spanish: 7 días en La Habana ) is a 2012 Spanish-language anthology film.  Set during a week in the Cuban capital Havana, the film features one segment for each day, each segment directed by a different filmmaker.  The directors are Julio Medem, Laurent Cantet, Juan Carlos Tabío, Benicio del Toro, Gaspar Noé, Pablo Trapero and Elia Suleiman.  The screenplay was written by the Cuban novelist Leonardo Padura Fuentes.  The film is a co-production between companies in Spain, France and Cuba.  It was shot on location in Havana.
