[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] May 16 coup
The May 16 coup (Hangul: 5.16 군사정변 ; Hanja: 五一六軍事政變 ; RR: "O-illyuk gunsa-jeongbyeon " ) was a military coup d'état in South Korea in 1961, organized and carried out by Park Chung-hee and his allies who formed the Military Revolutionary Committee, nominally led by Army Chief of Staff Chang Do-yong after the latter's acquiescence on the day of the coup.  The coup rendered powerless the democratically elected government of Yun Bo-seon and ended the Second Republic, installing a reformist military Supreme Council for National Reconstruction effectively led by Park, who took over as Chairman after General Chang's arrest in July.

[title] Han Myeong-sook
Han Myeong-sook (born March 24, 1944; Korean: 한명숙 ] ) was the Prime Minister of South Korea from April 2006 to March 2007.  She is South Korea's first female prime minister (second female prime minister overall if the acting premiership of Chang Sang is included).  She was from the United New Democratic Party (UNDP) as a member of the Korean National Assembly (representative) for Ilsan-gab, and is a graduate of Ewha Womans University in Seoul with a degree in French literature.  She resigned as Prime Minister on March 7, 2007 and declared her presidential candidacy.  But she did not succeed in the nominations.  In 2008 she ran for parliament, but was not elected.  However, in January 2012 she was elected leader of the main oppositional Democratic United Party (DUP) before the April legislative elections and became a member of parliament.  But the liberals did not manage to defeat the ruling Saenuri Party and Han stepped down as party leader in April 2012.  In August 2015, Han was convicted of receiving illegal donations at the amount of 900 million KRW, and sentence to two years in prison.  She is ineligible to run for public office for ten years after her prison term.  She became the first former prime minister of the Republic of Korea to serve a prison time.

[title] Chang Dae-hwan
Chang Dae-hwan (also Chang Dae-whan; born 21 March 1952) is a South Korean businessman.  He is best known as the president of the "Maeil Business Newspaper", South Korea's main business daily.  He also served a brief stint as South Korea's acting prime minister in August 2002 under president Kim Dae-jung, but the National Assembly voted not to confirm him.

[title] Chang Won-jun
Chang Won-jun (Hangul: 장원준, Hanja: 張元準) (born July 31, 1985 in Seoul) is a South Korean starting pitcher who currently plays for the Doosan Bears.  Chang played for the Lotte Giants in the Korea Baseball Organization from 2004 to 2011.  He bats and throws left-handed.

[title] Korea under Japanese rule
Korea under Japanese rule began with the end of the short-lived Korean Empire in 1910 and ended at the conclusion of World War II in 1945.  Japanese rule of Korea was the outcome of a process that began with the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1876, whereby a complex coalition of the Meiji government, military, and business officials sought to integrate Korea both politically and economically into the Empire of Japan.  A major stepping-stone towards the Japanese occupation of Korea was the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1905, in which the then-Korean Empire was declared a protectorate of Japan.  The annexation of Korea by Japan was set up in the Japan–Korea Treaty of 1910, which was never actually signed by the Korean Regent, Gojong.

[title] Tommy Chang (martial artist)
Born and raised in Kyong Ki Do, South Korea, Master Tommy Chang is a Korean-Canadian world-renowned 7th degree Taekwondo and 8Th Degree Hapkido instructor and Grandmaster, actor, stunt performer, stunt coordinator and producer.  With over 40 years of training and experience in Taekwondo and Hapkido, Master Chang also trained extensively in ITF/WTF TKD, Moo Duk Kwan, and Judo.  He is also an 8th Degree Black Belt in Hap Ki-Do, specializing in pressure points, take-downs and grappling.  His martial arts expertise also encompasses mastery of several weapons.  In addition, he is a WTF-certified Master Instructor of Taekwondo and a Canadian National Referee (1st Class).

[title] United States in the Korean War
At the conclusion of World War II the Allied nations began the process of disarmament of Axis controlled regions.  Japan occupied Korea at this time and had been in control since 1910.  In 1945, the decision was made to have American Marines forces oversee Japanese surrender and disarmament south of the 38th parallel and the Soviet Union would facilitate the change of power to the north.  At the time there was no political motivation and seemed to be a logical and convenient plan of action.  The original agreement and intent was to create a unified and independent Korea out of the post Japanese occupation era.  Instead each side of the 38th parallel established its own government under the influence of the occupational country; the United States in South Korea and the Soviet Union in North Korea.  Both new Korean governments discredited the other and claimed to be the only legitimate political system.  Tensions between the North and South escalated and each side began to petition foreign powers for resources and support.  South Korea wanted weapons and supplies from Truman and the United States government while North Korea sought help from Stalin and the Soviet Union.  The United States was still war weary from the disruptive World War II campaign and refused South Korea's request for weapons and troops.  North Korea convinced the Soviet Union to supply them with the weapons and support they requested.  This decision coincided with the United States withdrawing the last remaining combat troops from South Korea.  North Korea saw its opportunity and attacked South Korean forces at the 38th parallel on June 25, 1950 and thus initiating the Korean War.

[title] Chang Mi-hee
Chang Mi-hee (born December 8, 1958) is a South Korean actress active since 1976.  She was born Lee Yun-hui in Seoul, South Korea in 1957.  Chang debuted as an actress in 1976 as starring in "Seong Chun-hyang jeon" directed by Park Tae-won and TBC TV drama, "Haenyeo Dang-sil" (Sea Woman Dang-sil).  Chang was commonly referred to as "New Troika" or "Second Troika" along with her rival actresses, Jeong Yun-hui and Yu Ji-in of the 1970s and 1980s after the "First Troika", Moon Hee, Nam Jeong-im, and Yoon Jeong-hee of the 1960s.

[title] Chang Yong-hak
Chang Yong-hak (25 April 1921 – 31 August 1999) was a Korean writer.  Chang was born in Hamyeong Buk-do in what is now North Korea.  He studied at Waseda University in Japan, before being drafted into the Japanese army.  After the end of World War Two, he taught high school in Korea, writing fiction on the side.

[title] Chang Ucchin
Chang Ucchin (26 November 1917 – 27 December 1990) is one of the representatives of modern Korean fine art.  Chang was born when Korea was still under Japanese colonial rule.  He studied western art at Tokyo's Imperial School of Art.  He became a professor of fine arts at Seoul National University in 1954, but resigned to paint full-time from 1960.
