[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] List of magazines in Malaysia
The first women's magazine was published in Malaysia in 1932.  In the 2000s there were nearly fifty local titles addressing women in the country.  These magazines also include those having an Islamic perspective.  Some international women's magazines are also published in Malaysia.  One of them is "Elle Malaysia", which was first published in March 2014.  Another one, "Women’s Health", was started in April 2015.  Comic magazines and film magazines are also common in Malaysia.

[title] First for Women
First for Women is a woman's magazine published by Bauer Media Group in the USA.  The magazine was started in 1989.  It is based in Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey.  In 2011 the circulation of the magazine was 1,310,696 copies.

[title] Jane (magazine)
Jane was an American magazine created to appeal to the women who grew up reading "Sassy Magazine"; Jane Pratt was the founding editor of each.  Its original target audience (pitched to advertisers) was aged 18–34, and was designed to appeal to women who did not like the typical women's magazine format.  Pratt originally intended the magazine to be named "Betty", but she was voted down by everyone else involved in the making of the magazine.

[title] Rabotnitsa
Rabotnitsa (Russian: Работница ; English: The Woman Worker ) is a women's journal, published in the Soviet Union and Russia and one of the oldest Russian magazines for women and families.  Founded in 1914, and first published on Women's Day, it is the first socialist women's journal, and the most politically left of the women's periodicals.  While the journal's beginnings are attributed to Lenin and several women who were close to him, he did not contribute to the first seven issues.

[title] Jane Addams
Jane Addams (September 6, 1860May 21, 1935), known as the "mother" of social work, was a pioneer American settlement activist/reformer, social worker, public philosopher, sociologist, author, and leader in women's suffrage and world peace.  She co-founded, with Ellen Gates Starr, an early settlement house in the United States, Chicago's Hull House that would later become known as one of the most famous settlement houses in America.  In an era when presidents such as Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson identified themselves as reformers and social activists, Addams was one of the most prominent reformers of the Progressive Era.  She helped America address and focus on issues that were of concern to mothers, such as the needs of children, local public health, and world peace.  In her essay “Utilization of Women in City Government,” Jane Addams noted the connection between the workings of government and the household, stating that many departments of government, such as sanitation and the schooling of children, could be traced back to traditional women’s roles in the private sphere.  Thus, these were matters of which women would have more knowledge than men, so women needed the vote to best voice their opinions.  She said that if women were to be responsible for cleaning up their communities and making them better places to live, they needed to be able to vote to do so effectively.  Addams became a role model for middle-class women who volunteered to uplift their communities.  She is increasingly being recognized as a member of the American pragmatist school of philosophy, and is known by many as the first woman "public philosopher in the history of the United States.  In 1889 she co-founded Hull House, and in 1920 she was a co-founder for the ACLU.  In 1931 she became the first American woman to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize, and is recognized as the founder of the social work profession in the United States.

[title] Marianne Schnall
Marianne Schnall is an American writer, interviewer, and feminist.  Her interviews with Madeleine Albright, Dr. Jane Goodall, Gloria Steinem, Jane Fonda, Eve Ensler and others have been published by several magazines and websites.  In 1995 she founded the not-for-profit website Feminist.com.  She is the author of "Daring to Be Ourselves" based on her interviews with a variety of well-known women.  She and Amy Richards contributed the piece "Cyberfeminism: Networking the Net" to the 2003 anthology "", edited by Robin Morgan.  Marianne’s latest book is "," featuring interviews with politicians, public officials, thought leaders, writers, artists, and activists in an attempt to discover the obstacles that have held women back and what needs to change in order to elect a woman into the White House.  With insights and personal anecdotes from Sheryl Sandberg, Maya Angelou, Gloria Steinem, Nancy Pelosi, Nicholas Kristof, Melissa Etheridge, Olympia Snowe, and many more, "What Will It Take to Make A Woman President? " addresses timely, provocative issues involving women, politics, and power.

[title] Jane Cunningham Croly
Jane Cunningham Croly (December 19, 1829 – December 23, 1901) was an American author and journalist, better known by her pseudonym, Jennie June.  She was a pioneer author and editor of women's columns in leading newspapers and magazines in New York.  She founded the Sorosis club for women in New York in 1868 and in 1889 expanded it nationwide to the General Federation of Women's Clubs.  She also founded the Woman's Press Club of New York City.

[title] My Secret Garden
My Secret Garden: Women’s Sexual Fantasies is a 1973 book compiled by Nancy Friday, who collected women's fantasies through letters and taped and personal interviews.  After including a female sexual fantasy in a novel she submitted for publishing, her editor objected, and Friday shelved the novel.  Later, after other women began writing and talking about sex publicly, Friday began thinking about writing a book about female sexual fantasies, first collecting fantasies from her friends, and then advertising in newspapers and magazines for more.  She organized these narratives into "rooms", and each is identified by the woman's first name, except for the last chapter, "odd notes", which is presented as the "fleeting thoughts" of many anonymous women.  The book revealed that women fantasize, just as men do, and that the content of the fantasies can be as transgressive, or not, as men's.  The book, the first published compilation of women's sexual fantasies, refuted many previously accepted notions of female sexuality.

[title] Be Love
Be Love is a Japanese manga magazine targeting women published by Kodansha.  It debuted in September 1980.  It is one of the leading manga magazines for adult women, the first of its kind, and was instrumental in the rising popularity of josei manga in the 1980s, which led to the creation of other magazines targeted at women such as "You" and "Big Comic for Lady".  As of 2003, "Be Love", like "You" and "Jour", published stories focussing on "the reality of everyday life" experienced by its readers.

[title] List of magazines in China
In 1898 the first women's magazine was published in China.  The number of women's magazines has increased in the country since the late 1980s.  In addition to national titles international magazines are also published in the country. " Madame Figaro", and "Elle" are among such titles both of which entered into the Chinese market in 1988.  In 1998 "Cosmopolitan" began to be published in the country. " Esquire" is the first international men's magazine which entered into the magazine market in China in 1999.  Starting in the 2000s several Japanese magazines began to be circulated in Chinese language in the country, including "CanCam".
