[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Babette Hughes
Babette Hughes (1906–1982) was an American playwright of one-act plays and mystery novelist.  She was born in Seattle, Washington and while an English student at the University of Washington she met the American playwright Glenn Hughes who she married in 1924 for around 20 years.  Hughes wrote comedic one-act plays, mysteries, and non-fiction works.

[title] Dark Side (R5 song)
"Dark Side" is a song by American pop rock band R5.  It was released on February 1, 2016 as the fifth single from "Sometime Last Night".  It was written by Ross Lynch, Riker Lynch, Rocky Lynch and Ellington Ratliff, and produced by Rocky and Matt Wallace.

[title] Ross Lynch
Ross Shor Lynch (born December 29, 1995) is an American singer, songwriter, and actor.  He is one of the founding members of the pop rock band R5.  As an actor, he is known for his debut role as Austin Moon on the Disney Channel original series "Austin & Ally", and for his role as Brady in the "Teen Beach Movie" series.  Lynch is also starring in a new horror/thriller movie called "My Friend Dahmer," where he plays the role of Jeffrey Dahmer in his teenage years.  The movie is set to debut in the fall of 2017.

[title] Live in Tokyo (HTP album)
Live In Tokyo is a live album by Hughes Turner Project, a collaboration between Glenn Hughes (Deep Purple/ Black Sabbath/ Trapeze) and Joe Lynn Turner (Deep Purple/ Rainbow/ Yngwie Malmsteen); it was released in 2002 on MTM Music and Pony Canyon Records.

[title] Glenn Hughes
Glenn Hughes (born 21 August 1951) is an English rock bassist and vocalist, best known for playing bass and performing vocals for funk rock pioneers Trapeze, the Mk.  III and IV line-ups of Deep Purple, as well as briefly fronting Black Sabbath in the mid-1980s.

[title] Trapeze (band)
Trapeze were an English rock band from Cannock, Staffordshire.  Formed in 1969, the band originally featured former The Montanas members John Jones (trumpet, vocals) and Terry Rowley (keyboards), and former Finders Keepers members Glenn Hughes (bass, vocals, piano), Mel Galley (guitar, vocals) and Dave Holland (drums).  Jones and Rowley left the band following the release of their self-titled debut album in 1970, with the lineup of Hughes, Galley and Holland continuing as a trio.  After the release of "Medusa" later in 1970 and "You Are the Music... We're Just the Band" in 1972, Hughes left Trapeze in 1973 to join Deep Purple.

[title] Black Country Communion
Black Country Communion is an English-American hard rock band based in Los Angeles, California.  Formed in 2009, the band is a supergroup composed of bassist and vocalist Glenn Hughes, guitarist and vocalist Joe Bonamassa, drummer and backing vocalist Jason Bonham, and keyboardist Derek Sherinian.  Originally formed by Hughes and Bonamassa with the help of producer Kevin Shirley, the group released its self-titled debut album in September 2010.  Second album "Black Country Communion 2" followed in June 2011, which was promoted on a European tour later in the year.  The band released its third album "Afterglow" in October 2012.

[title] California Breed
California Breed was an English-American hard rock band based in Los Angeles, California.  Formed in 2013, the band was a supergroup composed of bassist and vocalist Glenn Hughes, guitarist Andrew Watt, and drummer Jason Bonham.  Following the breakup of his previous band Black Country Communion, Hughes was introduced to Watt in 2013 and the two quickly formed California Breed, with Black Country Communion drummer Bonham completing the lineup shortly after.  The band recorded its self-titled debut album with producer Dave Cobb in late 2013, which was released through Frontiers Records in May 2014 and reached number 78 on the US "Billboard" 200.

[title] List of Trapeze band members
Trapeze were an English rock band from Cannock, Staffordshire.  Formed in March 1969, the band originally featured former The Montanas members John Jones (vocals, trumpet) and Terry Rowley (keyboards, guitar, flute), as well as former Finders Keepers members Mel Galley (guitar, vocals), Glenn Hughes (bass, piano, vocals) and Dave Holland (drums).  After the band released their self-titled debut album in May 1970, Jones and Rowley left to return to The Montanas.  Hughes, Galley and Holland released "Medusa" later in the year and "You Are the Music... We're Just the Band" in 1972, before Hughes left to join Deep Purple in June 1973.  Prior to his departure, Hughes was due to switch to the role of second guitarist, with Pete MacKie set to take his place on bass; however, this never came to fruition.

[title] Different Stages – The Best of Glenn Hughes
Different Stages – The Best of Glenn Hughes is a compilation album by former Deep Purple, Black Sabbath and Trapeze vocalist/ bassist Glenn Hughes.  The album was released in 2002 on SPV records.
