[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Michael Breed
Michael S. Breed (born May 14, 1962, in Greenwich, Connecticut) is a professional golf instructor and television host.  In 2003, he was selected as a Top 100 Instructor in America by "Golf Magazine", in 2011, he was voted one of the Top 50 Instructors in America by Golf Digest (now 13th on this list, and #1 in the state of New York.) , in 2012, Breed was chosen as the PGA's National Teacher of the Year.  Prior to his time as a television host, Breed was the Head Golf Professional at Sunningdale Country Club for 12 years from 2001–2012, and the Head Golf Professional at Birchwood Country Club, as well as the Assistant Professional at Deepdale Golf Club and Augusta National Golf Club.  He has served on different boards for the Metropolitan PGA for over 10 years and has represented the PGA of America at the National Golf Day in Washington D.C. since 2012.  He is involved in charities such as The First Tee, Folds of Honor, Hope for the Warriors, Wounded Warriors Foundation and Salute Military Golf Association.

[title] Timeline of town creation in the Hudson Valley
The towns and cities of the Hudson Valley were created by the U.S. state of New York as municipalities, in order to perform the services of local government.  In 1683, prior to the creation of modern towns, the Province of New York was divided into twelve counties for administrative purposes by the Colonial Governor of New York.  In the Hudson Valley, these divisions included Dutchess, Orange, and Ulster counties.  Dutchess and Orange remained unorganized until 1713, with Dutchess administered from Ulster; Orange would be administered from New York County.  Future counties would be formed and towns exchanged over time, with Rockland County split from Orange in 1799, at which time the southern towns of Ulster were transferred to Orange as compensation for the loss; and Putnam County from Dutchess in 1812, these county's towns can trace their origins to towns and precincts that were formed in their parent counties.  Another change that occurred was the transfer of Dutchess County's northern section, the Livingston Manor, to Columbia County.  Greene County was formed in 1800 by the combination of the southernmost towns of Albany County with the northernmost towns of Ulster.  The history of the towns of Greene and Columbia counties can be found at the Timeline of town creation in New York's Capital District.

[title] Guitars for Wounded Warriors
Guitars for Wounded Warriors is the sixth solo studio album by guitarist Brian Tarquin, released in August 2014 by Cleopatra Records.  In 2016, it received a Best Compilation Album nomination by the Independent Music Awards.  All tracks were recorded at Tarquin's Jungle Room Studios in New Paltz (village), New York.  Being moved by the lack of support for returning veterans through his life Tarquin decided to compose a heavy instrumental rock album as a way to show his appreciation to all veterans.  So once again he enlisted top notch players to guest with him on the album, Billy Sheehan on "Black Hawk", Ron "Bumblefoot" Thal and Reb Beach on "Taliban Terror", Steve Morse on "Freedom", Chris Poland on "Charlie Surfs" and "Hunting", Chuck Loeb on "Escape Kabul", Hal Lindes on "Sand & Blood", Gary Hoey on "5 Klicks To Hell" and "Baghdad", Alex De Rosso Dokken on "Broken Arrow", and The Flyin' Ryan Brothers on "Surgical Strike".  The entire album was engineered, produced and composed by Tarquin especially for each one of the guest guitarists.  Partial proceeds are donated to the Fisher House Foundation from sales.

[title] Aaron B. Rollins
Aaron B. Rollins (1818 - December 4, 1878) was a member of the New York State Assembly for the 9th district of Manhattan from 1851 to 1853.  He was the deputy Sheriff of New York County, New York from 1853 to 1859, and the Coroner of New York County, New York from 1867 to 1870.

[title] New Paltz (village), New York
New Paltz is a village in Ulster County located in the U.S. state of New York.  It is about 80 mi north of New York City and 70 mi south of Albany.  The population was 6,818 at the 2010 census.

[title] Brian Tarquin
Brian Tarquin is an American multi-Emmy Award winning guitarist/composer and producer of the "Guitar Masters Series" featuring Jeff Beck, Steve Vai, Jimmy Page, Santana, BB King and Joe Satriani.  Also known for his work as a smooth jazz artist and a music composer receiving 3 Emmy Awards for "Outstanding Achievement in Music Direction and Composition for a Drama Series" and also received Emmy nominations in 2001, 2002 and 2004.  Tarquin has sold more than 150,000 albums through his career in the USA.  He wrote the theme music for MTV's "Road Rules", as well as producing music for many other TV shows such as "", "TMZ on TV", "America's Next Top Model", ABC's "Making The Band", "Extra", "Alias" and the Keanu Reeves film "The Watcher".  In 2014, Tarquin produced, engineered and composed "Guitars for Wounded Warriors", which showcases Tarquin’s guitar prowess alongside other guitarists such as, Steve Morse, Billy Sheehan, Gary Hoey, Bumblefoot (Guns N' Roses), Reb Beach (Whitesnake), Hal Lindes (Dire Straits), Chris Poland (Megadeth) and Chuck Loeb (Fourplay).  The album features exclusively released tracks inspired by those military soldiers who fought for our country and released by Cleopatra Records.

[title] New York County Courthouse
The New York State Supreme Court Building, originally known as the New York County Courthouse, at 60 Centre Street on Foley Square in the Civic Center district of Manhattan, New York City houses the Civil and Appellate Terms of the New York State Supreme Court for the state's First Judicial District, which is coextensive with Manhattan, as well as the offices of the New York County Clerk.

[title] New York County District Attorney
The New York County District Attorney is the elected district attorney for New York County (Manhattan), New York.  The office is responsible for the prosecution of violations of New York state laws. (Federal law violations in Manhattan are prosecuted by the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York.)  The current district attorney is Cyrus Vance, Jr.

[title] Julius Harburger
Julius Harburger (1850 - November 9, 1914) was a New York City politician.  He was elected as the Sheriff of New York County, New York from 1911 to December 31, 1913.  He also served as the Coroner of New York County, New York in 1907 serving as the president of the board of coroners.

[title] List of counties in New York
There are 62 counties in the state of New York.  The original twelve counties were created immediately after the British takeover of the Dutch colony of New Amsterdam, although two of these counties have since been abolished.  The most recent county formation in New York was in 1914, when Bronx County was created from the portions of New York City that had been annexed from Westchester County in the late 19th century and added to New York County.  New York's counties are named for a variety of Native American words; British provinces, counties, cities, and royalty; early American statesmen and military personnel; and New York State politicians.
