[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] USA Drug
USA Drug is a convenience store and pharmacy chain in the United States that operates more than 160 stores in Arkansas, Oklahoma, Mississippi, Missouri, and Tennessee.  It was founded in Pine Bluff, Arkansas in 1986.  Its headquarters are still located in Pine Bluff with additional offices in Little Rock, Arkansas, Tulsa, Oklahoma, and Memphis, Tennessee.  Its parent company, Walgreens, operates Super D Drug Stores and Ikes Deep Discount Drug, both acquired in October 1997, and May's Drug, Med-X Drug, Drug Warehouse, and Drug Mart, all acquired in July 2004, as "Part of the USA Drug Family".  Wal-Mart and CVS/Pharmacy are two of its primary competitors.  The company's slogan is "America's Low Price Drug Store".

[title] Perry Drug Stores
Perry Drug Stores was an American retail pharmacy chain founded in 1957 in the city of Pontiac, Michigan, United States.  At its peak in the 1980s, Perry operated more than 200 drug stores, primarily in the state of Michigan, as well as 200 Auto Works auto parts stores and fourteen A. L. Price discount health and beauty aids outlets.

[title] Longs Drugs
Longs Drugs is an American chain with approximately 40 drug stores throughout the state of Hawaii.

[title] Thrifty PayLess
Thrifty PayLess Holdings, Inc. was a pharmacy holding company that owned the Thrifty Drugs and PayLess Drug Stores chains in the western United States.  The combined company was formed in April 1994 when Los Angeles-based TCH Corporation, the parent company of Thrifty Corporation and Thrifty Drug Stores, Inc., acquired the Kmart subsidiary PayLess Drug Stores Northwest, Inc.  At the time of the merger, TCH Corporation was renamed Thrifty PayLess Holdings, Inc. and Thrifty operated 495 stores, PayLess operated 543 stores.

[title] Leader Drug Stores
Leader Drug Stores is a network of over 3,100 independently owned and operated pharmacies.  It has a business affiliation with Cardinal Health, which sponsors the network and owns the name "Leader Drug Stores".  Cardinal Health also owns the franchise chain The Medicine Shoppe.  It operates like a retailers' cooperative, though it is not owned by its members.

[title] Gray Drug
Gray Drug was a drugstore chain in Cleveland, Ohio.  The chain began in 1912 and grew to 46 stores by 1946 and over 100 by the 1970s.  Besides Ohio, stores later opened in Florida and Maryland.  The chain later acquired Drug Fair in 1981, shortly before Sherwin Williams bought the chain.  Gray Drug acquired several Cunningham Drug stores in 1982.

[title] Hartig Drug
Hartig Drug Stores is a chain of pharmacy/retail stores based out of Dubuque, Iowa.  The company provides pharmacy services not only to the general public, but to area institutions as well.  Along with this pharmacy focus, Hartig Drug stores offer convenience retail items.  The company has operated for over 100 years; currently, it is the second-oldest family-run pharmacy chain in the United States.

[title] Warren Bryant
Warren Bryant was the CEO of Longs Drugs Store Corporation out of California prior to the retail chain's acquisition by CVS/Caremark.  Hired in 2002 to Longs, he was Senior Vice President of The Kroger Company. , a retail grocery chain, from 1999 to 2002.  Prior to that, from 1996 to 1999, he was President and Chief Executive Officer of Dillon Companies, Inc., a retail grocery chain and subsidiary of The Kroger Co.  He is also a director of OfficeMax Incorporated.

[title] Cunningham Drug (U.S.)
Cunningham Drug was a drugstore chain based in Detroit, Michigan.  Founded in October 1889 by Andrew Cunningham, the chain operated primarily within the state of Michigan, and was once the largest drugstore chain in the state.  Its Michigan locations were closed and reopened in 1982 as Apex Drug, and were later sold to Perry Drug Stores.  The last stores remained open in Florida until 1991, when they were sold to Walgreens.

[title] Rexall
Rexall is a chain of American drugstores, and the name of their store-branded products.  The stores, having roots in the federation of United Drug Stores starting in 1903, licensed the Rexall brand name to as many as 12,000 drug stores across the United States from 1920 to 1977.  (The "Rex" in the name came from the common Rx abbreviation for medical prescriptions.)
