[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Hexatron Engineering
Hexatron Engineering Co., Inc. is an American aerospace engineering, aircraft engine and aircraft parts manufacturer based in Salt Lake City, Utah.  The company was founded in 1982 by Cy Williams and specializes in the design and manufacture of airline aircraft crew seats and also has an aircraft engine design in production for homebuilt, ultralight aircraft and the American light-sport aircraft categories.

[title] History of BMW
BMW AG originated with three other manufacturing companies, Rapp Motorenwerke and Bayerische Flugzeugwerke (BFw) in Bavaria, and Fahrzeugfabrik Eisenach in Thuringia.  The company is now known as BMW or Bayerische Motoren Werke.  Aircraft engine manufacturer Rapp Motorenwerke became Bayerische Motorenwerke in 1916.  The engine manufacturer, which built proprietary industrial engines after World War I, was then bought by the owner of BFw who then merged BFw into BMW and moved the engine works onto BFw's premises.  BFw's motorcycle sideline was improved upon by BMW and became an integral part of their business.

[title] Engine Alliance
The Engine Alliance (EA) is an American aircraft engine manufacturer based in East Hartford, Connecticut.  The company is a 50/50 joint venture between GE Aviation, a subsidiary of General Electric, and Pratt & Whitney, a subsidiary of United Technologies.  Engine Alliance was established in August 1996 to develop, manufacture, sell, and support a family of modern technology aircraft engines for new high-capacity, long-range aircraft.

[title] BMW R32
The BMW R32 was the first motorcycle produced by BMW under the BMW name.  An aircraft engine manufacturer during World War I, BMW was forced to diversify after the Treaty of Versailles banned the German air force and German aircraft manufacture.  BMW initially turned to industrial engine design and manufacturing.

[title] Orenda Iroquois
The Orenda PS.13 Iroquois was an advanced turbojet engine designed for military use.  It was developed by the Canadian aircraft engine manufacturer Orenda Engines, a part of the Avro Canada group.  Intended for the CF-105 Arrow interceptor, development was cancelled, along with the Arrow, in 1959.

[title] D-Motor
D-Motor is a Belgian aircraft engine manufacturer based in Deerlijk.  The company specializes in the design and manufacture of aircraft engines for homebuilt and ultralight aircraft.

[title] MTU Aero Engines
MTU Aero Engines AG is a German aircraft engine manufacturer.  MTU develops, manufactures and provides service support for military and civil aircraft engines.  MTU Aero Engines was formerly known as MTU München.

[title] Pirna 014
The Pirna 014 was an axial turbojet designed in East Germany (or the GDR) in the mid- to late 1950s by former Junkers engineers, who were repatriated to East Germany in 1954 after being held in custody in the Soviet Union following World War II.

[title] Stratus 2000
Stratus 2000, Inc was an American aircraft engine manufacturer based in Camano Island, Washington and later in Corvallis, Oregon.  The company specialized in the design and manufacture of engines based on Subaru automotive engines for homebuilt aircraft.

[title] Junkers
Junkers Flugzeug- und Motorenwerke AG (JFM, earlier JCO or JKO in World War I), more commonly Junkers, was a major German aircraft and aircraft engine manufacturer.  It produced some of the world's most innovative and best-known airplanes over the course of its fifty-plus year history in Dessau, Germany.  It was founded there in 1895 by Hugo Junkers, initially manufacturing boilers and radiators.  During World War I, and following the war, the company became famous for its pioneering all-metal aircraft.  During World War II the company produced some of the most successful Luftwaffe planes, as well as piston and jet aircraft engines, albeit in the absence of its founder, who had been removed by the Nazis in 1934.
