[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Jane Alexander
Jane Alexander (born October 28, 1939) is an American author, actress and former director of the National Endowment for the Arts.  She is a Tony Award winner and two-time Emmy Award winner.

[title] Rafael Bello
Rafael Emilio Bello Castro, known professionally as Rafael Bello (pronounced Rafael "BE-YO"), is a Dominican television and radio personality based in New York City.  Bello, a two-time Emmy award winner, currently serves as the Weather and Entertainment Anchor in "Al Despertar", WXTV WXTV-DT Univision 41 Nueva York' early morning newscast.  Bello formerly served as the Traffic and Entertainment Anchor on WNJU Telemundo 47 in "Noticiero 47 Primera Edicion" and also hosted feature and entertainment segments including his Emmy Award winner for best entertainment segment under the name "Pa la Calle con Rafa".

[title] Chuck Versus the Role Models
"Chuck Versus the Role Models" is episode 15 of the third season of "Chuck".  Chuck and Sarah are assigned to train under Craig and Laura Turner (Fred Willard and Swoosie Kurtz), a married CIA team who, despite their impeccable record, hate one another.  The Turners' stormy relationship forces Chuck and Sarah to wonder if they're doomed with the same fate.  Meanwhile, Casey must train the newest member of the team - Morgan.

[title] Patti LuPone
Patti Ann LuPone (born April 21, 1949) is an American actress and singer, best known for her work in stage musicals.  She is a two-time Grammy Award winner and a two-time Tony Award winner.  She is also a 2006 American Theater Hall of Fame inductee.

[title] John Carrafa
John Carrafa is an American theater and film director/choreographer best known as the two-time Tony Award nominated choreographer of the Broadway musicals "Urinetown" and "Into The Woods" and the Media Choreography Honors Award winner for the Robert Zemeckis film "The Polar Express".

[title] Serializer
serializer.net was an online artist collective that was active from 2002 to 2012.  Serializer included many well-known award-winning alternative artists like Tom Hart (Xeric Award winner), Eric Millikin (Pulitzer Prize winner), Shaenon K. Garrity (Lulu Award winner), James Kochalka (Eisner Award winner), Dean Haspiel (Emmy Award winner), Howard Cruse (Prix de la critique winner), Chris Onstad (Ignatz Award winner), Nick Bertozzi (Harvey Award winner), and Jen Sorenson (Herblock Prize winner).  Each artist created, and sometimes collaborated on, serialized webcomics.

[title] Rich Moore
Rich Moore (born May 10, 1963) is an American film and television animation director, screenwriter, voice actor, and a creative partner at both Rough Draft Studios and Walt Disney Animation Studios.  He is best known for his work on the animated television shows "The Simpsons", "The Critic," and "Futurama", and for directing the Disney animated film "Wreck-It Ralph" (2012) and co-directing "Zootopia" (2016).  He is a two-time Emmy Award winner, a three-time Annie Award winner, and an Academy Award winner.

[title] Swoosie Kurtz
Swoosie Kurtz ( , ; born September 6, 1944) is an American actress.  She is an Emmy Award winner and two-time Tony Award winner.

[title] Paul Haggis
Paul Edward Haggis (born March 10, 1953) is a Canadian screenwriter, producer, and director of film and television.  He is best known as screenwriter and producer for consecutive Best Picture Oscar winners: "Million Dollar Baby" (2004) and "Crash" (2005), the latter of which he also directed.  He is the creator of the television series "Due South" and the co-creator of "Walker, Texas Ranger".  He is a two-time Academy Award winner, two-time Emmy Award winner, and seven-time Gemini Award winner.

[title] Christian Borle
Christian Dominique Borle (born October 1, 1973) is an American actor in theatre, television, and film.  He is a two-time Tony Award winner for his roles as Black Stache in "Peter and the Starcatcher" and as William Shakespeare in "Something Rotten! ".  Borle originated the role of Emmett in "Legally Blonde" on Broadway , as Tom Levitt on the NBC musical-drama television series "Smash" and as Marvin in the 2016 Broadway revival of "Falsettos".
