[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Nobody's Daughter
Nobody's Daughter is the fourth and final studio album by American alternative rock band Hole, released worldwide on April 27, 2010, through Mercury Records.  The album was originally conceived by Hole frontwoman Courtney Love as a solo project titled "How Dirty Girls Get Clean", following her poorly received solo debut "America's Sweetheart" (2004).  Much of the material featured on "Nobody's Daughter" originated from studio sessions for "How Dirty Girls Get Clean", which had been conceived in 2006 after a multitude of legal issues, drug addiction, and rehabilitation sentences had left Love "suicidal".  Love financed the making of the record herself, which cost nearly two million dollars.

[title] Courtney Love filmography
Courtney Love is an American musician and actress who began her professional career in film in 1986 with a supporting role in Alex Cox's "Sid and Nancy" (1986); she had prior studied film with experimental director George Kuchar at the San Francisco Art Institute in 1984, and appeared in one of Kuchar's short films.  After pursuing music and having a successful career as the frontwoman of alternative rock band Hole, Love also had intermittent roles in films, most notably receiving critical attention for her performance as Althea Flynt in Miloš Forman's 1996 biopic "The People vs. Larry Flynt", which earned her a Golden Globe Nomination for Best Actress, as well as awards from the Boston, Chicago, New York, and Los Angeles film critics associations.  Love later appeared among an ensemble cast in "200 Cigarettes" (1998), as well as in a leading role in "Man on the Moon" (1999) alongside Jim Carrey, for which she received critical recognition.  She later appeared in several independent films and short subjects as well as the thriller "Trapped" (2002) alongside Charlize Theron and Kevin Bacon, and "Julie Johnson" (2001), for which she received an award for Best Actress at Los Angeles' gay and lesbian Outfest film festival.

[title] Patty Schemel
Patricia Theresa Schemel (born April 24, 1967) is an American drummer and musician who rose to prominence as the drummer of alternative rock band Hole from 1992 until 1998.  In 1998, Schemel left Hole, and in the early 2000s reunited with Hole frontwoman Courtney Love during her solo career, and later drummed for Juliette and the Licks.  As of 2010, Schemel continues to play music and gives drum lessons, in addition to owning a dog daycare/boarding business.  In 2013, Schemel joined the indie rock group Upset, formed by Ali Koehler, previously of Vivian Girls and Best Coast.  She also formed a rock and roll band with her brother, Larry Schemel, called Death Valley Girls.

[title] Beautiful Son
"Beautiful Son" is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written collectively by frontwoman Courtney Love, lead guitarist Eric Erlandson and drummer Patty Schemel.  The song was released as the band's fourth single in April 1993 on the European label City Slang.  To coincide with the song's lyrics, Love used a photograph of her husband, Kurt Cobain, at age 7 as the single's artwork.

[title] The Wolfhounds
The Wolfhounds are an indie pop/noise pop band formed in Romford, UK in 1985 by Dave Callahan, Paul Clark, Andy Golding, Andy Bolton and Frank Stebbing, and originally active until 1990.  The band reformed in 2005 and continues to write, record and play live, releasing new albums in 2014 and 2016.

[title] Live Through This
Live Through This is the second studio album by American alternative rock band Hole.  It was released by DGC Records on April 12, 1994, just one week after frontwoman Courtney Love's husband, Kurt Cobain, died in their home.  It was Hole's only album to feature bassist Kristen Pfaff before her death in June 1994.  Recorded in October 1993, the album marked a divergence from the band's unpolished hardcore aesthetics to more refined melodies and song structure, and features production by Sean Slade and Paul Q. Kolderie, with mixing by Scott Litt and J Mascis.  The album's lyrics and packaging reflect Love's preoccupation with beauty, and its songs contain repeated motifs of milk, motherhood, anti-elitism, and violence against women.  The album's title is derived from a quote in "Gone with the Wind".

[title] Turpentine (song)
"Turpentine" is a song by the American alternative rock band Hole.  It was written by vocalist and rhythm guitarist Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson.  The song was one of the band's first compositions and remained unreleased for seven years before being released on the band's second EP, "The First Session" on August 26, 1997.  Although not as well known as Hole's later songs, "Turpentine" is a notable song for the band as it is often cited as "the first Hole song."

[title] Miss World (song)
"Miss World" is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by frontwoman Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson.  The song was released as the band's fifth single and the first from their second studio album, "Live Through This", in March 1994.

[title] Softer, Softest
"Softer, Softest" is a song by American alternative rock band Hole, written by frontwoman Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson.  The song was released as the band's eighth single and fourth and final single from their second studio album, "Live Through This", in December 1995.  The single was released just as the band finished their extensive touring in 1995.

[title] Courtney Love
Courtney Michelle Love (born Courtney Michelle Harrison; July 9, 1964) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, and visual artist.  Prolific in the punk and grunge scenes of the 1990s, Love has enjoyed a career that spans four decades.  She rose to prominence as the frontwoman of the alternative rock band Hole, which she formed in 1989.  Love has drawn public attention for her uninhibited live performances and confrontational lyrics, as well as her highly publicized personal life following her marriage to Kurt Cobain.
