[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Socialist Party of Connecticut
The Socialist Party of Connecticut (SPCT) is a socialist political party in the U.S. state of Connecticut.  Founded as an affiliate of the Socialist Party of America, the party split with the SPA in 1936 and joined the Social Democratic Federation.  In 1957, the Social Democratic Federation reunified with the Socialist Party of America.  In 1973, the SPA voted to reform and rename itself Social Democrats, USA, which sought to reform the Democratic Party.  The current Socialist Party of Connecticut is the state chapter of the Socialist Party USA.

[title] Royal Spa Centre
The Royal Spa Centre is a Theatre in Leamington Spa, England.  The Centre was officially opened on 15 June 1972 by Anthony Eden, one time MP for Leamington and Warwick and Prime Minister of the UK.  It was designed by the Architect Sir Frederick Gibberd and has two Auditoria, the first of which is a traditional Theatre which can hold 667 people.  The second is a Cinema/Studio Theatre which holds up to 188, which shows films or used as a small theatre space.

[title] Federation Party
The Federation Party was Fiji's first formal political party.  The Citizens Federation, which had won three of the four seats reserved for Indo-Fijians at the 1963 elections, decided to formalize its role as a political party, which was officially founded on 21 June 1964 with A. D. Patel as President and Sidiq Koya as Vice-President.  The merger took place in time for the party to participate in the 1965 constitutional conference which was called to map out a path towards independence from the United Kingdom.  In 1968, the Federation Party merged with the National Democratic Party to form the National Federation Party, which is now (2015) the oldest political party in Fiji still in existence.

[title] Boerestaat Party
The Boerstaat Party (English: "Boer State Party" ) is a right wing South African political party founded on 30 September 1986 by the late Robert van Tonder.  It was never officially registered as a political party because it was unable to rally 500 persons under one roof, a requirement under South African electoral law for official political party status.  It was never represented in the South African Parliament, neither in the apartheid era nor after democratisation.  In 1989, it joined the Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging (AWB) in declaring support for Jaap Marais, the leader of the Herstigte Nasionale Party and has worked with the HNP on occasion since.  The party was a charter member of the Afrikaner Volksfront coalition group.  It has also operated with the paramilitary group, the "Boere Weerstandsbeweging" (Boer Resistance Movement) led by Andrew Ford.

[title] Anthony Eden
Robert Anthony Eden, 1st Earl of Avon, (12 June 1897 – 14 January 1977) was a British Conservative politician who served three periods as Foreign Secretary and then a relatively brief term as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1955 to 1957.

[title] Political party committee
In the United States, a political party committee is an organization, officially affiliated with a political party and registered with the Federal Elections Commission (FEC), which raises and spends money for political campaigning.  Political party committees are distinct from political action committees, which are formally independent of political parties and subject to different rules.

[title] Royal Pump Rooms
The Royal Pump Rooms (signed Royal Pump Room and Baths) is a Grade II listed building on the Parade in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, England.  It was the most famous of several spa baths opened in Leamington between the late-18th and mid-19th centuries.  People would travel from throughout the country, and indeed Europe, to benefit from treatments using the town's healing waters.  When 'taking the waters' became less fashionable after the mid-19th century the Pump Rooms became Leamington's only surviving spa facility, later also being extended to include the town's public swimming pool.  After a major redevelopment in 1997-99 the building now houses "Leamington Spa Art Gallery & Museum", a public library, a Tourist Information Centre, cafe and assembly rooms.

[title] Conservative Party (UK)
The Conservative Party, officially the Conservative and Unionist Party, is a centre-right political party in the United Kingdom.  It is currently the governing party, having been so since the 2010 general election, where a coalition government with the Liberal Democrats was formed.  In 2015, the Conservatives led by David Cameron won a surprise majority and formed the first Conservative majority government since 1992.  However, the 2017 snap election on Thursday 8 June resulted in a hung parliament, and the Conservatives lost their parliamentary majority.  They are reliant on the support of a Northern Irish political party, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP), in order to command a majority in the House of Commons through a confidence-and-supply deal.  The party leader, Theresa May, has served as both Leader of the Conservative Party and Prime Minister since 13 July 2016.  It is the largest party in local government with 9,237 councillors.  The Conservative Party is one of the two major contemporary political parties in the United Kingdom, the other being its modern rival, the Labour Party.  The Conservative Party's platform involves support for free market capitalism, free enterprise, fiscal conservatism, a strong national defence, deregulation, and restrictions on trade unions.

[title] Save Romania Union
The Save Romania Union (Romanian: "Uniunea Salvați România" , USR) is a political party in Romania.  The party was founded following the success of the Save Bucharest Union (USB) party in the 2016 local elections.  After being officially registered as a political party in 2016, it united with the USB and Union for Codlea parties, thus gaining most of its initial membership base from the two latter parties.  It is currently the third largest political party in Romania after the 2016 legislative elections and the only outspoken pro-LGBT party in the country.

[title] Unity Party (South Ossetia)
The Unity Party (Ossetian: Иудзинад , Georgian: ერთიანობის , Russian: Единство ; officially, the South Ossetian Republican Political Party "Unity") is a major political party with a socially conservative ideology in South Ossetia, a partially recognized Caucasian republic, considered by most countries to be a part of Georgia.  The Unity Party, founded in 2003, supported former President Eduard Kokoity, and was for a decade the largest political party in South Ossetia.  After the 2009 elections, the party held 17 out of 34 seats in South Ossetia's parliament.  It is modeled after and is closely linked to the United Russia party, with which it has signed an inter-party cooperation agreement.  The party is a winner of the 2004 and 2009 parliamentary elections.
