[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Beowulf (2007 film)
Beowulf is a 2007 British-American 3D motion capture epic fantasy film directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Neil Gaiman and Roger Avary, based on the Old English epic poem of the same name.  The film was created through a motion capture process similar to the technique Zemeckis used in "The Polar Express".  The cast includes Ray Winstone, Anthony Hopkins, Robin Wright Penn, Brendan Gleeson, John Malkovich, Crispin Glover, Alison Lohman, and Angelina Jolie.  It was released in the United Kingdom and United States on November 16, 2007, by Paramount Pictures and Warner Bros.  Pictures, and was available to view in IMAX 3D, RealD, Dolby 3D and standard 2D format.  The film received positive reviews from critics and it earned $196.4 million on a $150 million budget.

[title] Dreams on Spec
Dreams on Spec is a 2007 American documentary film that profiles the struggles and triumphs of emerging Hollywood screenwriters.  It was written and directed by Daniel J. Snyder, who learned first-hand about the screenwriter's travails in the late 1980s when he was a teenager working alongside aspiring writer/directors Quentin Tarantino and Roger Avary in the famed Video Archives video store in Manhattan Beach, California.

[title] Braddon Mendelson
Braddon Mendelson is a producer, director and writer who was named as a defendant in the Rosa Parks v. LaFace Records lawsuit, but was subsequently dismissed from the case by the presiding judge.  As a music video producer, Mendelson worked with some of the top R&B and Rap artists of the late 1990s, including Xzibit, Outkast, Bizzy Bone, Mo Thugs and Ice Cube.  In 1997 he produced the feature film "Boogie Boy".  The film was directed by Craig Hamann and Executive Produced by Academy Award winner Roger Avary, who were both collaborators on Quentin Tarantino's first film "My Best Friend's Birthday."

[title] Raymond Dokpesi
Raymond Anthony Aleogho Dokpesi is a Nigerian media businessman born in 1951 in Ibadan, Nigeria.  His parents are from Agenebode, Edo state in a family including six sisters siblings.  He entered the Nigerian mass media industry with his company DAAR Communications and set-up the Nigerian TV network Africa Independent Television (AIT) He was the organising committee chairman of the People's Democratic Party national conference in 2015.

[title] Roger Avary
Roger Avary (born August 23, 1965) is a Canadian film and television producer, screenwriter and director in the American mass media industry.  He worked on "Reservoir Dogs" and "Pulp Fiction", for which he and Quentin Tarantino were awarded the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay at the 67th Academy Awards.  He wrote the screenplays for "Silent Hill" and "Beowulf".  He also directed "Killing Zoe" and "The Rules of Attraction".

[title] Sri Lanka Media Training Institute
The Sri Lanka Media Training Institute (SLMTI) is an autonomous establishment under the Ministry of Mass Media and Information.  It was founded in 1984; as the Sri Lankan Television Training Institute to train professionals in the field of television.  The institute was run in collaboration with Friedrich Ebert Stiftung (FES) of Bonn, Federal Republic of Germany, Sri Lanka Rupavahini Corporation (SLRC), and Sri Lanka Foundation Institute (SLFI).  At present as the SLMTI the institute has widened its mandate to offers certificates, Diplomas and higher Diplomas in all disciplines related to Mass Media.  The Chairman of SLMTI is Dr. Dharmasena Pathiraja who is a Sri Lankan film director, screenwriter and an academic.

[title] Latinos Beyond Reel
Latinos Beyond Reel is a documentary which was released on February 23, 2013.  Latinos Beyond Reel taps into the harsh reality of Latino representation in the media industry.  Latinos Beyond Reel was directed by Miguel Picker and Chyng-Feng Sun.  "Latinos Beyond Reel" is under The Media Education Foundation (MEF).  The Media Education Foundation (MEF) produced and distributed the film.  The film talks about the underrepresentation and marginalization of Latinos in the U.S media.  The film also talks about the effects the false representation of Latinos in the media industry has on youth.  Latinos Beyond Reel captures the most unfortunate portrayal of Latinos in the media ranging from off-screen roles to animated characters in film and television.

[title] Beowulf: Return to the Shieldlands
Beowulf is a British epic fantasy drama television series from ITV, consisting of 12 episodes and created by James Dormer, Tim Haines, and Katie Newman.  Dormer wrote the series based on the poem "Beowulf" and executive produced along with Haines and Newman, while Stephen Smallwood produced the series.  The series began airing in the United Kingdom on 3 January 2016 and in the United States from 23 January 2016.  Shortly into the series, ITV announced that the series would not be picked up for another season, and the show finished with its original 12 episodes.

[title] Christopher Panzner
Christopher Panzner (born 1959) is an American artist/writer/producer living and working in France.  He has worked for a number of pioneers in the television and film industry, notably as Technical Director for the inventor of interactive television shopping, the Home Shopping Network and as Operations Director, France, for the inventor of the colorization process for black-and-white films, Color Systems Technology.  He has developed animation software (Pixibox), designed theme channels (Canal +) and was Managing Director of the Luxembourg-based studio, Luxanima, which shared an International Emmy in 1994 for French CGI series Insektors.  He went on to set up an animation/FX studio (motion capture/motion control), Image Effects, where he supervised the creation of 2D animated series "The Tidings" for Entertainment Rights before creating his own studio in the east of France the following year, Talkie Walkie, specializing in pre-production (design, storyboard and layout) and computer production (ink-and-paint/compositing) and whose clients included a Who’s Who of international television animation producers such as SIP, RTV Family Entertainment, Alphanim and Cinar (now called Cookie Jar.)  He joined Paris-based production company TEVA in 2001 and was instrumental in the financing and/or the making of five animated features there in 2002–2004: double-Oscar nominated The Triplets of Belleville, Venice Film Festival selection "The Dog, the General and the Birds", "Jester Till", "Blackmor’s Treasure" (Associate Producer) and "Charlie and Mimmo" (Co-Producer).  In 2002, TEVA and Mistral Films won the grand prize at IMAGINA for an experimental short film, "The Tale of the Floating World" directed by Alain Escalle, beating such prestigious competition as "Shrek", "Amélie" and "The Lord of the Rings", and was entirely responsible for the fabrication of Storimages’ Pulcinella-winning and International Emmy-nominated special, "Harold Peeble", based on the book by famous French illustrator Sempé.  In 2006, "The Triplets of Belleville", "The Dog, the General and the Pigeons" and "Blackmor’s Treasure" were part of an eight-film retrospective of contemporary French animation at the Museum of Modern Art in New York called "Grand Illusions: The Best of Recent French Animation."

[title] The Polar Express (film)
The Polar Express is a 2004 American 3D computer-animated Christmas musical fantasy film based on the 1985 children's book of the same name by Chris Van Allsburg, who served as one of the executive producers on the film.  Written, produced, and directed by Robert Zemeckis, the film features human characters animated using live action motion capture animation.  The film stars Daryl Sabara, Nona Gaye, Jimmy Bennett, and Eddie Deezen, with Tom Hanks in six distinct roles.  The film also included a performance by Tinashe at age 9, who later gained exposure as a pop singer in 2010, as the CGI-model for the female protagonist.
