[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Adam (musical)
Adam is a musical with a book by June Tansey, lyrics and music by Richard Ahlert, based on the life of the controversial politician Adam Clayton Powell Jr..

[title] Adam Clayton Powell (film)
Adam Clayton Powell is a 1989 American documentary film directed by Richard Kilberg about the civil rights leader.  It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature.

[title] Adam Clayton Powell Jr.
Adam Clayton Powell Jr. (November 29, 1908 – April 4, 1972) was a Baptist pastor and an American politician, who represented Harlem, New York City, in the United States House of Representatives (1945–71).  He was the first person of African-American descent to be elected from New York to Congress.  Oscar Stanton De Priest of Illinois was the first black person to be elected to Congress in the 20th century; Powell was the fourth.

[title] Adam Clayton Powell IV
Adam Clayton Powell IV (born Adam Clayton Powell Diago in 1962) is an American politician from the state of New York.  He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 2001 to 2010.  From 1992–1997, he served as New York City Council Member representing East Harlem and parts of the Upper West Side and the South Bronx.  Beginning in 2001, Powell represented the 68th Assembly District, which includes parts of Harlem and East Harlem.  He was defeated by Charles Rangel in the 2010 Democratic Primary for the seat of the 15th Congressional District.

[title] Seventh Avenue (Manhattan)
Seventh Avenue – known as Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard north of Central Park – is a thoroughfare on the West Side of the borough of Manhattan in New York City.  It is southbound below Central Park and a two-way street north of the park.

[title] Mother African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church
The Mother African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church, also known as "Mother Zion", located at 140–148 West 137th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr.  Boulevard and Lenox Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, is the oldest African-American church in New York City, and the "mother church" of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion conference.

[title] Abyssinian Baptist Church
The Abyssinian Baptist Church, located at 132 West 138th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr.  Boulevard and Lenox Avenue in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City, was built in 1922-23 and was designed by Charles W. Bolton & Son in Gothic Revival and Tudor Revival styles – it has also been described as "Collegiate Gothic".  It features stained glass windows and marble furnishings The church is noted for its ministers, including Adam Clayton Powell, Sr. and Adam Clayton Powell, Jr. Over the years, the church has served as a place for African American spirituality, politics and community.

[title] Adam Clayton Powell Jr. State Office Building
The Adam Clayton Powell Jr.  State Office Building, originally the Harlem State Office Building, is a nineteen-story, high-rise office building located at 163 West 125th Street at the corner of Adam Clayton Powell Jr.  Boulevard in the Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City.  It is named after Adam Clayton Powell Jr, the first African-American elected to Congress from New York.  It was designed by the African-American architecture firm of Ifill Johnson Hanchard in the shape of an African mask in the Brutalist Architecture style.  It is the tallest building in Harlem, overtaking the nearby Hotel Theresa.

[title] The Saimaa Gesture
The Saimaa Gesture (Finnish: "Saimaa-ilmiö" ) is a 1981 film by Finnish directors Aki and Mika Kaurismäki.  It is a documentary of three Finnish rock groups aboard the steamboat SS Heinävesi on their tour around Lake Saimaa.

[title] Adam Clayton Powell Sr.
Adam Clayton Powell (May 5, 1865 – June 12, 1953) was an American pastor who developed the Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem, New York as the largest Protestant congregation in the country, with 10,000 members.  He was a community activist, author, and the father of Congressman Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Born into poverty in southwestern Virginia, Powell worked to put himself through school and Wayland Seminary, where he was ordained in 1892.
