[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] List of awards and nominations received by Lost
Lost is an American drama series that aired on ABC from September 22, 2004 until May 23, 2010.  It has been nominated for a variety of different awards, including 54 Primetime Emmy Awards (eleven wins), 48 Saturn Awards (thirteen wins), 33 Teen Choice Awards, 17 Television Critics Association Awards (four wins), 12 Golden Reel Awards (five wins), eight Satellite Awards (one win), seven Golden Globe Awards (one win), six Producers Guild of America Awards (one win), six Writers Guild of America Awards (one win), five Directors Guild of America Awards, two NAACP Image Awards (one win), two Screen Actors Guild Awards (one win), and one BAFTA Award.  Amongst the wins for the series are a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, a Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series – Drama, a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series, and a Peabody Award.

[title] Frances Conroy
Frances Hardman Conroy (born November 13, 1953) is an American actress.  She is best known for playing Ruth Fisher on the television series "Six Feet Under".  Her work on the show won her acclaim and several awards, including a Golden Globe and three Screen Actors Guild Awards.  She is also known for playing the older version of the character Moira O'Hara on of the television anthology series "American Horror Story", which garnered Conroy her first Saturn Award for Best Supporting Actress on Television nomination, and as well an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie.  Conroy subsequently portrayed The Angel of Death, Myrtle Snow, Gloria Mott, and Mama Polk on four further seasons of the show "", "", "", and "", respectively.  For her performance in "Coven", she was nominated again for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Miniseries or a Movie.

[title] Megan Mullally
Megan Mullally (born November 12, 1958) is an American actress and singer.  She is best known for her role as Karen Walker on the NBC sitcom "Will & Grace" (1998–2006, 2017-), for which she received 7 consecutive Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series, winning twice in 2000 and 2006.  She also received nominations for numerous other accolades for her portrayal, including 7 consecutive Screen Actors Guild Awards nominations for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series, winning 3 times in 2001, 2002, and 2003, as well as receiving 4 Golden Globe Award nominations.

[title] Lucy Liu
Lucy Alexis Liu (born Lucy Liu; December 2, 1968) is an American actress, voice actress, director, producer, singer and artist.  She became known for playing the role of the vicious and ill-mannered Ling Woo in the television series "Ally McBeal" (1998–2002), for which she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and a Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series.  Liu's film work includes starring as one of the heroines (Alex Munday) in "Charlie's Angels" (2000), portraying O-Ren Ishii in "Kill Bill" (2003), and starring roles in the main casts of "Payback" (as Pearl; 1999), "Chicago" (as Kitty Baxter; 2002), and the animated film series "Kung Fu Panda" (2008–present) portraying the character Master Viper.

[title] Geoffrey Rush
Geoffrey Roy Rush {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (born 6 July 1951) is an Australian actor and film producer.  Rush is the youngest amongst the few people who have won the "Triple Crown of Acting": the Academy Award, the Primetime Emmy Award, and the Tony Award.  He has won one Academy Award for acting (from four nominations), three British Academy Film Awards (from five nominations), two Golden Globe Awards and four Screen Actors Guild Awards. Rush is the founding President of the Australian Academy of Cinema and Television Arts and was named the 2012 Australian of the Year.  He is also the first actor to win the Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Critics' Choice Movie Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award for a single performance in film for his performance in "Shine" (1996).

[title] Uzo Aduba
Uzoamaka Nwanneka "Uzo" Aduba ( ; born February 10, 1981) is an American actress.  She is known for her role as Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren on the Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black" (2013–present), for which she won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series in 2014, an Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2015, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series in 2014 and 2015.  She is one of only two actors to win an Emmy Award recognition in both the comedy and drama categories for the same role, the other being Ed Asner for the character Lou Grant.

[title] Miranda Hobbes
Miranda Hobbes is a fictional character on the American HBO television sitcom "Sex and the City" and its subsequent film spinoffs.  She is portrayed by actress Cynthia Nixon.  Nixon received an Emmy Award and a Screen Actors Guild Award for her performance.

[title] Skyler White
Skyler White (née Lambert) is a fictional character in "Breaking Bad", where she is portrayed by Anna Gunn.  For her portrayal, Gunn won two consecutive Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 and 2014.  She also won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series in 2014.

[title] Crazy Eyes (character)
Suzanne "Crazy Eyes" Warren is a fictional character played by Uzo Aduba on the Netflix series "Orange Is the New Black".  Warren is portrayed as intelligent, but lacking in social skills, and prone to spiral into emotional outbursts when agitated.  The character is the only role that has received Emmy Award recognition both in the comedy and drama genres from the same show and only the second character to earn Emmy recognition in both genres.  Aduba won the Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series as well as the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Guest Performer in a Comedy Series for her season one performance.  She received the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series as well as the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series for her season two performance.  Her season three performance again won Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series.  She is a recurring character in season one and a regular character beginning with season two.

[title] Cynthia Nixon
Cynthia Ellen Nixon (born April 9, 1966) is an American actress.  She is known for her portrayal of Miranda Hobbes in the HBO series, "Sex and the City" (1998–2004), for which she won the 2004 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series.  She reprised the role in the films "Sex and the City" (2008) and "Sex and the City 2" (2010).  Other film credits include "Amadeus" (1984), "The Pelican Brief" (1993), "Little Manhattan" (2005), "5 Flights Up" (2014), "James White" (2015), and playing Emily Dickinson in "A Quiet Passion" (2016).
