[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Manifesto Records (UK)
Manifesto Records was a UK based dance music record sub label of Mercury Records which focused on dance music across all genres.  The label began operations in 1995 with the first release being a remix of Donna Summer's "I Feel Love" (in which they got Summer to re-record vocals as the original masters had been lost in a fire).  The label had 13 Top 10 hits before being wound down in 2002 (a move partially brought about to "bottle the labels unique period because of its unprecedented success").  The label was briefly resurrected by Mercury between 2004 - 2006.  The label was set up and headed by Eddie Gordon and Luke Neville who recruited Judge Jules as A&R.  Jules would recruit Luke Neville.  Ben Cherrill (who would later move to Positiva Records in 2001) also had an active role at the label, joining in 1998.  Notable acts on the label included Todd Terry, Josh Wink, Byron Stingley, The Space Brothers, Yomanda and York.  In 2000 the label set up a short lived subsidiary M-->Bargo.

[title] David L. Boren
David Lyle Boren (born April 21, 1941) is an American university administrator and politician from the state of Oklahoma.  A member of the Democratic Party, he served as the 21st governor of Oklahoma from 1975 to 1979 and in the United States Senate from 1979 to 1994.  He is currently the 13th president of the University of Oklahoma.  He was the longest serving chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.  David Boren officially announced his retirement as president of the University of Oklahoma, effective June 30, 2018.

[title] Allen Williamson
Allen Williamson (fl.  c. 1970) is a former Oklahoma politician who served in the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1966 to 1974.  He is related to James Allen Williamson, an Oklahoma State Senator elected in 1996.

[title] H. E. Bailey
Harry E. Bailey (died October 26, 1976) was an Oklahoma politician who was instrumental in the growth of the Oklahoma turnpike system.

[title] Boren-McCurdy proposals
The Boren-McCurdy intelligence reform proposals are two legislative proposals from Senator David Boren and Representative David McCurdy in 1992 (102nd Congress).  Both pieces of legislation propose the creation of a National Intelligence Director.  Neither bill passed into law.

[title] Cripps' mission
The Cripps mission was an attempt in late March 1942 by the British government to secure full Indian cooperation and support for their efforts in World War II.  The mission was headed by Sir Stafford Cripps, a senior left-wing politician and government minister in the War Cabinet of Prime Minister Winston Churchill.  Cripps was sent to negotiate an agreement with the nationalist leaders, speaking for the majority Hindu population, and Muhammad Ali Jinnah, speaking for the minority Muslim population.  Cripps worked to keep India loyal to the British war effort in exchange for a promise of full self-government after the war.  Cripps promised to give dominion status after the war as well as elections to be held after the war.  Cripps discussed the proposals with the Indian leaders and published them.  Both the major parties, the Congress and the League rejected his proposals and the mission proved a failure.  Cripps had designed the proposals himself, but they were too radical for both Churchill and the Indians; no middle way was found.  Congress moved towards the Quit India movement whereby it refused to cooperate in the war effort, while the British imprisoned practically the entire Congress leadership for the duration of the war.  Jinnah was pleased to see that the right to opt out of a future Union was included.

[title] Mabel Bassett
Mabel Luella Bourne Bassett (August 16, 1876 – 1953) was a Democratic Oklahoma politician who served as the state's Commissioner of Charities and Corrections from 1923 until 1947.  Born in Chicago, Bassett lived in St. Louis before moving to Sapulpa, Oklahoma in 1902.  Prior to seeking political office, she founded the Creek County Humane Society, one of the first humane societies in Oklahoma.  Once in office, Bassett was responsible for establishing a women's unit of the Oklahoma State Penitentiary and transferring African-American juvenile delinquents from the state penitentiary to a training school in Boley.  Bassett also campaigned for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives in 1932; however, she lost to fellow Democrat Will Rogers.  Buck Cook replaced Bassett as Commissioner of Charities and Corrections in 1947, at which point Bassett retired from politics.  Upon her death in 1953, she lay in state in the Oklahoma State Capitol.

[title] 13th Oklahoma Legislature
The Thirteenth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Oklahoma Senate and the Oklahoma House of Representatives.  The state legislature met in Oklahoma City, in regular session from January 6 to April 11, 1931, during the term of Governor William H. Murray.  Murray, a former House speaker, helped Wilburton editor Carlton Weaver become Speaker; both were members of the constitutional convention.  Despite his political maneuvering, the governor found opposition to many of his proposals.  The session marked the first instance that redistricting was done outside of constitutional requirements.

[title] 15th Oklahoma Legislature
The Fifteenth Oklahoma Legislature was a meeting of the legislative branch of the government of Oklahoma, composed of the Oklahoma Senate and the Oklahoma House of Representatives.  The state legislature met from January 8 to April 30, 1935, during the term of Governor E.W. Marland.  Marland influenced the selection of Leon C. Phillips for Speaker of the Oklahoma House of Representatives.  Phillips had been an opponent of Governor William H. Murray's proposals.  Phillips also opposed many of Marland's proposals.

[title] Cowboy Pink Williams
Cowboy Pink Williams, born Simeon Pinckney Williams (April 9, 1892 – April 1, 1976), was an Oklahoma politician who was the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Oklahoma from 1955 to 1959 and Oklahoma State Treasurer from 1963 to 1967.
