[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Cover version
In popular music, a cover version or cover song, or simply cover, is a new performance or recording of a previously recorded, commercially released song by someone other than the original artist or composer.

[title] Till Death Unites Us
Till Death Unites Us is the fourth full-length studio album by the Finnish melodic death metal band Norther.  It was released on 25 January 2006 through Spinefarm Records.  The album has no cover song, while most other Norther releases include such a song; this release marks their first studio album to not include a cover song.  The song "Scream" was released as a CD single.

[title] Livin' in the Sunlight, Lovin' in the Moonlight
"Livin' in the Sunlight, Lovin' in the Moonlight" is a popular song that was written by Al Sherman and Al Lewis for the 1930 film, "The Big Pond" starring Maurice Chevalier, who made it famous.  On March 22, 1930 Bing Crosby and the Paul Whiteman Orchestra recorded a popular cover of this song as well.  This registered in the charts of the day at the No. 16 position.

[title] The Chimes (album)
The Chimes is the debut and only album by Scottish dance music act The Chimes, released in 1990.  Featuring singer Pauline Henry on vocals, the album includes their cover of U2's "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For", which reached number 6 in the UK Singles Chart, along with their other Top 40 hit "Heaven", which reached number 24.  The album was certified silver in the UK, and gold in Australia.

[title] The Chimes (Scottish band)
The Chimes were a successful dance music trio.  Pauline Henry (born in Jamaica) with Mike Peden and James Locke from Edinburgh, in Scotland.  They are best known for their hits "Heaven" and a remake of U2's "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For," which became a UK Top Ten hit.

[title] Dragostea Din Tei
"Dragostea Din Tei" (]    , "Love from the lindens", official English title: Words of Love), also informally known as "Ma Ya Hi" and "The Numa Numa Song" (see ), is the most successful single by the Moldovan pop group O-Zone, sung in Romanian.  It shot to the number one spot on the Eurochart Hot 100, where it remained for 12 weeks between June and early September 2004.  It topped the single charts in France, Germany and Austria for over three months, reached three in the United Kingdom and 72 on the US Pop 100.  The song became the fourth-best-selling single of the 21st century in France, with 1,170,000 units sold.  A popular cover of the song was made by Italian-Romanian pop singer Haiducii, which also charted in many countries, especially Italy and Sweden, where it topped the singles charts.  The original song was made notable in the United States by the viral video of Gary Brolsma dancing to the song, calling it "Numa Numa".

[title] I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For
"I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For" is a song by Irish rock band U2.  It is the second track from their 1987 album "The Joshua Tree" and was released as the album's second single in May 1987.  The song was a hit, becoming the band's second consecutive number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 while peaking at number six on the UK Singles Chart.

[title] Pauline Henry
Pauline Henry (born 29 January 1961) is a British Jamaican recording artist.  She was the vocalist in the Scottish band The Chimes, best known for their 1990 cover version of U2's "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For", between 1988 and 1991.  Following her departure from the group, Henry embarked on a solo career, and achieved five UK top 40 singles between 1993 and 1996.

[title] Cover Version
Cover Version is a compilation album released in 2014 by British musician and record producer Steven Wilson.  The album compiles the 12 songs originally released as six "2 song" singles.  Every release was made up of one original song and one cover song that involved new interpretations of other artist's songs in ways much different from their original versions.  The only exception to this format is in "The Unquiet Grave" which is actually an old English folk song, and not an original song written by Wilson.

[title] Love Is (Michi EP)
Love Is is the first EP released by British-Japanese musician MiChi, released on 22 December 2010.  It is her first non-single release since her debut album "Up to You" was released in 2009.  All four of the songs featured on the EP are used in various commercials and advertisements.  The title song was sent to Japanese radio stations as the first single on 19 November, with the music video premiering in early December.  It also contains a cover of The Offspring's "Pretty Fly (For A White Guy)", MiChi's first cover song since 2009's "Kiss Kiss xxx".  This makes it her seventh cover song, following her cover versions of songs by The Spice Girls, Nirvana, Avril Lavigne, Queen, Des'ree and Fergie.
