[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Maurice Spata
Muriki or Maurice Spata (, ; ) was the ruler of Arta from late 1399/early 1400 until his death in 1414 or 1415.  Maurice's reign was dominated by his wars with Carlo I Tocco.  Maurice was able to defend his capital of Arta, but despite some victories failed to prevent the fall of Ioannina to Tocco.  As a result, his brother Yaqub Spata who succeeded him was defeated in October 1416, ending the Despotate of Arta.

[title] Hot Feet
Hot Feet is a jukebox musical featuring the music of Earth, Wind & Fire, a book by Heru Ptah and was conceived, directed, and choreographed by Maurice Hines.  The musical opened on Broadway at the Foxwoods Theatre (then the Hilton Theatre) on April 30, 2006 and closed on July 23, 2006.

[title] Thomas Berkeley, 5th Baron Berkeley
He was born to Sir Maurice Berkeley, "de jure" 3rd Baron Berkeley, and Isabel Meade, in England.  He was the younger brother to Maurice Berkeley, "de jure" 4th Baron Berkeley, and had a younger brother, James, and younger sister, Anne.  On 9 September 1513 he fought in the Battle of Flodden and was knighted by the Earl of Surrey, Thomas Howard.  He later became Constable of Berkeley Castle on 15 May 1514, and Sheriff of Gloucestershire, November 1522 - November 1523.  By writ, he was succeeded to the title of "de jure" 5th Baron Berkeley on 12 September 1523 after his brother Maurice's death, and his eldest son Thomas followed as the "de jure" 6th Baron Berkeley, again by writ.

[title] John Hines (Australian soldier)
John "Barney" Hines (1873–1958) was a British-born Australian soldier of World War I, known for his prowess at collecting "souvenirs" from German soldiers.  Hines was the subject of a famous photo taken by Frank Hurley that depicted him surrounded by German military equipment and money he had looted during the Battle of Polygon Wood in September 1917.  This image is among the best-known Australian photographs of the war.

[title] Baron Berkeley of Stratton
Baron Berkeley of Stratton, in the County of Cornwall, was a title in the Peerage of England.  It was created in 1658 for John Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley of Stratton, a Royalist supporter during the English Civil War, of the Bruton branch of the Berkeley family.  He was a descendant of Sir Maurice de Berkeley (14th century), younger son of Maurice de Berkeley, 2nd Baron Berkeley (see Baron Berkeley).  Charles Berkeley, 2nd Viscount Fitzhardinge, was his brother and Charles Berkeley, 1st Earl of Falmouth, his nephew.  Lord Berkeley of Stratton's second son, the third Baron (who succeeded his elder brother), was an Admiral in the Royal Navy.  He died without surviving children and was succeeded by his younger brother, the fourth Baron.  He was a politician and served as First Lord of Trade between 1714 and 1715.  On his death the title passed to his eldest son, the fifth Baron.  He was also a politician and held office as Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard and Captain of the Honourable Corps of Gentlemen-Pensioners.  He was childless and the title became extinct on his death in 1775.

[title] Baron Berkeley
The title Baron Berkeley originated as a feudal title and was subsequently created twice in the Peerage of England by writ.  It was first granted by writ to Thomas II de Berkeley, 1st Baron Berkeley (1245–1321), 6th feudal Baron Berkeley, in 1295, but the title of that creation became extinct at the death of his great-great-grandson, the fifth Baron by writ, when no male heirs to the barony by writ remained, although the feudal barony continued.  The next creation by writ was in 1421, for the last baron's nephew and heir James Berkeley.  His son and successor William was created Viscount Berkeley in 1481, Earl of Nottingham in 1483, and Marquess of Berkeley in 1488.  He had no surviving male issue, so the Marquesate and his other non-inherited titles became extinct on his death in 1491, whilst the barony passed "de jure" to his younger brother Maurice.  However William had disinherited Maurice because he considered him to have brought shame on the noble House of Berkeley by marrying beneath his status to Isabel, daughter of Philip Mead of Wraxhall, an Alderman and Mayor of Bristol.  Instead he bequeathed the castle, lands and lordships comprising the Barony of Berkeley to King Henry VII and his heirs male, failing which to descend to William's own rightful heirs.  Thus on the death of King Edward VI in 1553, Henry VII's unmarried grandson, the Berkeley inheritance returned to the family.  Therefore, Maurice and his descendants from 1492 to 1553 were "de jure" barons only, until the return of the title to the senior heir Henry (and indirectly to his mother Anne), becoming "de facto" 7th Baron in 1553.  Upon his death he was succeeded by his relative George Harding.

[title] Andrew Hines
Andrew Hines (born May 25, 1983 in Villa Park, California) is a five-time National Hot Rod Association Pro Stock Motorcycle champion.  He rides the flagship Screamin' Eagle/Vance & Hines Harley-Davidson V-rod.  Andrew follows in the footsteps of his brother and crew chief, Matt Hines (NHRA Champion 1996, 97, 98).  The team is headed by the legendary duo of Terry Vance and Byron Hines.

[title] Cactus Club
The Cactus Club was a nightclub in the South of First Area (SoFA) of Downtown San Jose, California.  It was one of the first clubs to replace some of the 'red light' businesses on South First Street (across the street was the Pussycat Theater which later became F/X).  The Cactus Club took over The Bachelor Club and went on to become a legendary live music venue in San Jose for close to 15 years.  The concept of The Cactus Club was created by Sean Galvin and Mike Trippett.  It was Producer/Promoter Ric Hines who made the opening of the Cactus Club possible with his business experience and professional network.  Hines recruited a local lawyer as a partner, Bob Cullen, whose nickname "Cactus Bob" was used to name the club.  Mike's brother Calvin Trippett was brought in later as the booking agent for the club.  The Cactus Club opened in 1988 and remained open until 2002.

[title] Uptown... It's Hot!
Uptown... It's Hot!  was a 1986 Broadway play created, directed, choreographed by and starring Maurice Hines.  Performed at the Lunt-Fontanne Theatre, the play was a musical anthology chronicling the history of African-American music in the United States.

[title] Maurice Hines
Maurice Hines (born December 13, 1943) is an American actor, director, singer, and choreographer.  He is the brother of dancer Gregory Hines.
