[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] New Arrangement
New Arrangement is an album by Jackie DeShannon, released by Columbia Records (PC 33500) in 1975.  It contains the first recording of "Bette Davis Eyes", written by Donna Weiss and Jackie DeShannon in 1974 and covered by Kim Carnes on the album "Mistaken Identity" (1981).  Another song, "Boat to Sail," that features Brian Wilson and then-wife Marilyn singing backing vocals, was covered by The Carpenters in their 1976 album "A Kind of Hush".

[title] Danity Kane discography
The discography of Danity Kane, an American R&B group, consists of two studio album, five singles, and four music videos. Danity Kane were formed in 2005 during the third season of the reality television series "Making the Band", and consisted of Aubrey O'Day, Wanita "D. Woods" Woodgett, Shannon Bex, Dawn Richard, and Aundrea Fimbres.  The group disbanded in January 2009 during the fourth season of "Making the Band".  The group released their self titled debut album in August 2006.  The album reached number one on the United States "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).  Danity Kane's debut single, "Show Stopper", which featured rapper Yung Joc, reached number eight on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. " Ride for You", their second single, reached number 78 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. " Welcome to the Dollhouse", Danity Kane's second album, was released in March 2008.  It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA.  The album's lead single, "Damaged", reached number ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.  The group's fifth single, "Bad Girl", featured Missy Elliott and reached number 110 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

[title] Bette Davis Eyes
"Bette Davis Eyes" is a song written and composed by Donna Weiss and Jackie DeShannon, and made popular by American singer Kim Carnes.  DeShannon recorded it in 1974; Carnes's 1981 version spent nine weeks at No. 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was "Billboard"' s biggest hit of 1981.

[title] You Keep Me Hangin' On
"You Keep Me Hangin' On" is a 1966 song written and composed by Holland–Dozier–Holland.  It first became a popular "Billboard" Hot 100 number one hit for the American Motown group The Supremes in late 1966.  The rock band Vanilla Fudge covered the song a year later and had a top ten hit with their version.  British pop singer Kim Wilde covered "You Keep Me Hangin' On" in 1986, bumping it back to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in June 1987.  The single reached number one by two different musical acts in America.  In the first 32 years of the "Billboard" Hot 100 rock era, “You Keep Me Hangin' On” became one of only six songs to achieve this feat.  In 1996, country music singer Reba McEntire's version reached number 2 on the US "Billboard" Hot Dance Club Play chart.

[title] Put a Little Love in Your Heart
"Put a Little Love in Your Heart" is a song originally performed in 1969 by Jackie DeShannon, who composed it with her brother, Randy Myers, and Jimmy Holiday.  In the US, it was DeShannon's highest-charting hit, reaching number 4 on the Hot 100 in August 1969 and number 2 on the Adult Contemporary charts.  In late 1969, the song reached number one on South Africa's hit parade.

[title] Animal (Neon Trees song)
"Animal" is the lead single from Neon Trees' debut studio album, "Habits".  It debuted in June 2010 at number 100 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and has reached a peak of number 13 in its twenty-two week on the chart.  In Canada, the song debuted at number 95 on the Canadian Hot 100 and has climbed to number 29.  The song has reached number one on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart after 32 weeks, making "Animal" their first number-one song on a "Billboard" chart.  This also broke the record for the longest-length of time for a song to get to the top of that list after entering.  The song reached number two on the "Billboard" Rock Songs chart.  In one of the music videos of the song, the band is destroying an art gallery.  On May 22, 2011, the song won Top Alternative Song in the 2011 "Billboard" Music Awards.

[title] I Got You Babe
"I Got You Babe" is a song written by Sonny Bono.  It was the first single taken from the debut studio album "Look at Us", of the American pop music duo Sonny & Cher.  In August 1965, their single spent three weeks at number 1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the United States where it sold more than 1 million copies and was certified Gold.  It also reached number 1 in the United Kingdom and Canada.  In 1985, a cover version of "I Got You Babe" by British reggae/pop band UB40 featuring American singer Chrissie Hynde, peaked at number one in the UK Singles Chart and reached number 28 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart.  A 1993 version by Cher with Beavis and Butt-Head bubbled under the Hot 100 chart.

[title] Just the Two of Us (Grover Washington Jr. song)
"Just the Two of Us" is a 1981 R&B single written by Bill Withers, William Salter and Ralph MacDonald, which was recorded by Grover Washington Jr. and Bill Withers.  The song originally appeared on Washington's 1980 album "Winelight".  An edited version reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, staying there for 3 weeks, behind "Morning Train (9 to 5)" by Sheena Easton and "Bette Davis Eyes" by Kim Carnes.  The song won a Grammy Award for Best R&B Song.  Bill Withers included the edited version on the 1981 compilation "Bill Withers' Greatest Hits" and many subsequent greatest hits collections.

[title] Donna Lewis
Donna Lewis is a British singer-songwriter and record producer from Cardiff, Wales.  She is best known for the 1996 pop hit single "I Love You Always Forever", which peaked at number five on the UK Singles Chart, and also peaked within the top ten of the charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, New Zealand, Norway, and the United States.  In the latter country, "I Love You Always Forever" peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for nine weeks, having been held off the summit by "Macarena" by Los Del Rio.  It also became the highest-charting single on the "Billboard" Hot 100 by a Welsh artist since Bonnie Tyler topped the chart with Total Eclipse of the Heart in 1983.  Additionally, the single holds the record for being drawn for third place among songs with the longest runs at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and at second for most weeks at number one on the "Billboard" Mainstream Top 40 chart.  Lewis teamed up with Richard Marx in the 1997 adult contemporary hit "At the Beginning."  In 1997, Lewis was nominated for the Brit Award for Best British Female.

[title] I Love You Always Forever
"I Love You Always Forever" is a song by British singer Donna Lewis.  It was released in the United States in May 1996 as the lead single from her debut album, "Now in a Minute".  Inspired by the H. E. Bates novel "Love for Lydia", it peaked at number five on the UK Singles Chart.  Outside the United Kingdom, it peaked within the top ten of the charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland and the United States.  In the latter country, the song peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, where it remained for nine weeks during the summer of 1996, kept from number one by Los Del Rio's "Macarena".  Despite this, the song was number one on the Hot 100 Airplay chart for thirteen weeks and the "Billboard" Top 40 Mainstream chart for eleven weeks, becoming one of the most played songs of the 1990s.  The song therefore is drawn for third place among songs with the longest runs at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and drawn at second for the most weeks at the "Billboard" Top 40 Mainstream chart.  In Australia, the single also peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart.  In 2016, the song was covered by Australian pop singer Betty Who, peaking at number six on the ARIA Singles Chart.
