[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Give It All
"Give It All" is a song by American rock band Rise Against.  It was originally recorded for the 2004 compilation album "Rock Against Bush, Vol.  1", while a slightly altered version appeared on the band's third studio album "Siren Song of the Counter Culture" later that year.  It is a hardcore punk song, with lyrics that are about "being a punk rocker in today's world," according to lead vocalist Tim McIlrath.  It was released as "Siren Song of the Counter Culture"'s first single in October 2004.

[title] Tim McIlrath
Timothy James "Tim" McIlrath (born November 3, 1978) is an American punk rock musician.  He is the lead singer, rhythm guitarist, songwriter and co-founder of the American punk rock band Rise Against.  McIlrath is known to support animal rights and actively promotes PETA with his band.  He is also straight edge.

[title] The Dwarves Must Die
The Dwarves Must Die is the 2004 release by the American punk band Dwarves.  It is the band's first release on the "Sympathy for the Record Industry" label.  There are several cameos, including Dexter Holland from The Offspring, Nash Kato from Urge Overkill, desert rock icon Nick Oliveri, Josh Freese from The Vandals, Spike Slawson from Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, gangster rapper San Quinn, DJ Marz, and even the original Space Ghost himself, Gary Owens.  The rather freeform departure from the standard thrash/punk/noise sound is obvious in this release, slightly more so than in previous Dwarves productions, perhaps because they have been producing music for almost 20 years; however the original sound of the Dwarves shows clearly in several tracks.

[title] Tragedy + Time
"Tragedy + Time" is a song by American punk rock band Rise Against.  The song was released as the second single from their seventh album, titled "The Black Market".  The song impacted radio on October 21, 2014.  According to lead singer Tim McIlrath, the title of the song comes from the phrase "tragedy plus time equals comedy".  The song is a playable track in Guitar Hero Live.

[title] Spike Slawson
Spike Slawson is an American punk rock musician, a member of Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, Swingin' Utters, Filthy Thievin' Bastards, Re-Volts, and Uke-Hunt.

[title] The Violence
"The Violence" is a song by American punk rock band Rise Against.  The song was released on April 20, 2017 as the lead single from their eighth studio album, "Wolves".  Inspired by the 2016 United States presidential election cycle, "The Violence" contains lyrics described by vocalist Tim McIlrath as being about "whether violence is an inevitability of the human condition, or whether it's a choice we make, and therefore, can reject."  The song has charted on both Billboard's Alternative Songs chart and Mainstream Rock Songs chart.

[title] Audience of One (song)
"Audience of One" is a song by American punk rock band Rise Against, written by the band's frontman Tim McIlrath.  It is the second single from their 2008 album "Appeal to Reason".  Hitting number four on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart, "Audience of One" is Rise Against's third-highest charting single, behind the previous single from "Appeal to Reason", "Re-Education (Through Labor)", which peaked at number three and the third single "Savior".

[title] The Honor System (band)
The Honor System was an American punk rock band from Chicago, Illinois, formed in 1999 by Dan Hanaway and Rob DePaola, after the breakup of their previous band The Broadways.  The band briefly featured future Rise Against frontman Tim McIlrath as a bassist.  They broke up in 2004, leaving behind two studio albums and three EPs.

[title] Help Is on the Way
"Help Is on the Way" is a song by American rock band Rise Against, featured on their sixth studio album "Endgame" (2011).  Inspired by lead vocalist Tim McIlrath's visit to New Orleans, the song is about the slow response time for aid to disaster stricken areas.  It incorporates elements of punk rock and melodic hardcore, with lyrics that allude to Hurricane Katrina and the "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill.  "Help Is on the Way" premiered on KROQ-FM on January 17, 2011, and was later released as "Endgame"' s lead single on January 25.

[title] Filthy Thieving Bastards
The Filthy Thieving Bastards is an American folk/punk rock group formed in 2000 in San Francisco, California.  The band was originally a side project put together by Johnny Bonnel and Darius Koski of the Swingin' Utters.  Spike Slawson (also from Swingin' Utters) later joined the band, along with recording engineer Randy Burk.  Greg Lisher from Camper Van Beethoven guested on guitar for several songs on their second release.  Their music is influenced by folk rock, Celtic rock, country music, 60's pop, and punk rock, with an acknowledged and oft-noted debt to the music of The Pogues.
