[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Claud Andrew Montagu Douglas Scott
Brigadier Claud Andrew Montagu Douglas Scott, DSO (13 July 1906 – 24 January 1971) was the first child and only son born to Lieutenant Colonel Lord Herbert Andrew Montagu Douglas Scott and Marie Josephine Edwards.  He was a grandson of Sir William Henry Walter Montagu Douglas Scott, 6th Duke of Buccleuch & 8th Duke of Queensberry and Lady Louisa Jane Hamilton, and a paternal first cousin to Lady Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, later known as Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester.  He was a maternal first cousin once removed to Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester, a paternal great-uncle to Sarah, Duchess of York, and a maternal second great-uncle to Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie of York.

[title] Prince George Cougars
The Prince George Cougars are a Canadian major junior ice hockey team currently members of the B.C. Division of the Western Conference in the Western Hockey League (WHL).  The team is based in Prince George, British Columbia, and plays its home games at the CN Centre, formally known as the Prince George Multiplex.  The Cougars were founded in 1971 as the Victoria Cougars, but later moved to Prince George in 1994.  On March 19, 2014, after months of rumours, a team of local investors led by Greg Pocock, along with NHLers Dan Hamhuis and Eric Brewer, agreed in principle to purchase the Prince George Cougars.  The deal was approved by the WHL Board of Governors on April 30 the same year.

[title] Gloucester House
Gloucester House or Gloucester Lodge is a former royal residence on the esplanade in the seaside resort of Weymouth on the south coast of England.  It was the summer residence of Prince William Henry Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh (1743–1805), fourth son of Frederick, Prince of Wales, and brother of King George III.  During his recovery from porphyria in 1789, George III spent some time convalescing there.  The king occupied the right-hand part of the building, and would have had use of the garden, situated where the later, left-side wing now stands.  His doctors encouraged him to visit the resort to benefit from the sea air and salt water.  The patronage of the king was important in drawing fashionable society to the south coast town.

[title] Prince George of Denmark
Prince George of Denmark and Norway, Duke of Cumberland (Danish: "Jørgen" ; 2 April 165328 October 1708), was the husband of Queen Anne, who reigned over Great Britain from 1702.

[title] Henry Scott, 3rd Duke of Buccleuch
Henry Scott, 3rd Duke of Buccleuch and 5th Duke of Queensberry KG KT FRSE (2 September 1746 – 11 January 1812) was a Scottish nobleman and long-time friend of the notable Sir Walter Scott.  He is the paternal 3rd great-grandfather of Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, and the maternal 4th great-grandfather of Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester.

[title] Louisa Hamilton, Duchess of Abercorn
Louisa Jane Hamilton, Duchess of Abercorn, VA (née Lady Louisa Jane Russell) (8 July 1812 – 31 March 1905) was the wife of James Hamilton, 1st Duke of Abercorn, and the daughter of John Russell, 6th Duke of Bedford, by his second wife, Lady Georgiana Gordon.  She was the mother of Louisa Montagu Douglas Scott, Duchess of Buccleuch, and therefore the paternal great grandmother of Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, and the maternal 2nd great-grandmother of Prince William of Gloucester and Prince Richard, Duke of Gloucester.  She was also the mother of James Hamilton, 2nd Duke of Abercorn, and therefore the paternal great-grandmother of Cynthia Spencer, Countess Spencer, and the paternal 3rd great-grandmother of Diana, Princess of Wales, and the maternal 4th great-grandmother of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, and Prince Harry.  Through her daughter Lady Louisa Hamilton she also is the maternal 3rd great-grandmother of Sarah, Duchess of York.

[title] Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester
Princess Alice, Duchess of Gloucester, {'1': ", '2': ", '3': ", '4': "} (Alice Christabel; née Montagu Douglas Scott ; 25 December 1901 – 29 October 2004) was the wife of Prince Henry, Duke of Gloucester, the third son of George V and Mary of Teck.  She was the mother of the present Duke of Gloucester, and of Prince William of Gloucester, who died aged 30.

[title] Prince William, Duke of Gloucester
Prince William, Duke of Gloucester (24 July 1689 – 30 July 1700 ) was the son of Princess Anne, later Queen of England, Ireland and Scotland from 1702, and her husband, Prince George, Duke of Cumberland.  He was their only child to survive infancy.  Styled Duke of Gloucester, he was viewed by contemporaries as a Protestant champion because his birth seemed to cement the Protestant succession established in the "Glorious Revolution" that had deposed his Catholic grandfather James II the previous year.

[title] Prince Georg of Hanover
Prince Georg of Hanover ("Georg Paul Christian Prinz von Hannover"), Duke of Brunswick-Lüneburg (born 9 December 1949 at Schloss Salem in Salem, Baden-Württemberg, Germany).  Georg is the second eldest son of Prince George William of Hanover and his wife Princess Sophie of Greece and Denmark, an elder sister of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh.  Georg is a male-line descendant of George III of the United Kingdom and Charlotte of Mecklenburg-Strelitz and a descendant of Albert, Prince Consort and Victoria of the United Kingdom through their daughters Victoria, Princess Royal and Princess Alice of the United Kingdom.  He is a first cousin of Charles, Prince of Wales and nephew of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom.

[title] Dorothy Clement
Dorothy Clement (c. 1715 – c. 1739) was the mistress of Edward Walpole and mother of his four children, including Maria Walpole, who became Duchess of Gloucester and Edinburgh upon her marriage to Prince William Henry, Duke of Gloucester and Edinburgh.  Daughter of a Darlington postmaster, she is an ancestor of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge.
