[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] List of Commissioners of New South Wales Police
The Commissioner of the New South Wales Police Force (Known from 1851 to 1926 as the Inspector-General of the New South Wales Police Force) is the head of New South Wales's Police Force.  The post is currently held by Mick Fuller, who replaced Andrew Scipione on 31 March 2017.  The rank is usually referred to as the New South Wales Police Commissioner or simply just "Commissioner".  The New South Wales Police Force has had 22 Commissioners since 1851.

[title] Royal Commission into Drug Trafficking
The Royal Commission into Drug Trafficking (1977–1979) or Woodward Royal Commission was a royal commission initiated by the New South Wales Government to investigate drug trafficking in New South Wales, Australia, especially links between the Mafia and New South Wales Police and the disappearance of anti-marijuana campaigner Donald Mackay.

[title] New South Wales Police Force
The New South Wales Police Force (NSW Police Force; previously the New South Wales Police Service and New South Wales Police) is the primary law enforcement agency of the state of New South Wales, Australia.  It is a servant of the Crown, independent of Government, although a minister of the Crown has administration.  Divided into seventy six local area commands (LAC), the NSW Police Force consists of more than 500 local police stations and covers an area of 801,600 square kilometres in a state of some seven million people.

[title] Kennedy Royal Commission
The Royal commission into whether there has been corrupt or criminal conduct by any Western Australian Police Officer, commonly known as the Kennedy Royal Commission, was a Royal Commission established in 2002 by the state government of Western Australia to determine whether any officer of the Western Australia Police had engaged in corrupt or criminal conduct.  The commission issued an interim report on 20 December 2002 and a final report on 30 January 2004.

[title] First 'Ndrangheta war
The First 'Ndrangheta war was an internal struggle in the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type criminal organisation in Calabria (southern Italy).  The conflict raged from 1974-1976, and would result in approximately 233 deaths.  The war broke the equilibrium in the triumvirate, made up of Antonio Macrì, Domenico Tripodo and Girolamo Piromalli, that had ruled the 'Ndrangheta for 15 years, and facilitated the rise of a new generation 'Ndranghetisti, in particular the De Stefano 'ndrina, who wanted to open the doors of the 'Ndrangheta in new, more lucrative criminal activities (especially drug trafficking).

[title] Honoured Society (Australia)
The Honoured Society (Italian: "Onorata Società" ) is a Calabrian 'Ndrangheta criminal confederation, started in Melbourne and currently active in all Australia.  In 1963, it was reportedly involved in the Victoria Market Murders.  It was led by gangster Frank Benvenuto until his slaying in 2000.  Tony Romeo, another high-ranking member, was shot in 2002.

[title] Royal Commission of Inquiry into Drug Trafficking
The Royal Commission of Inquiry into Drug Trafficking (1981–1983), also known as the Stewart Royal Commission, was a Royal Commission set up in 1981 by the Commonwealth, Queensland, New South Wales and Victorian governments to inquire into various drug trafficking and related criminal activities of Terence John Clark and his associates.  However, the Commission would spend much of its time examining how criminals were using and abusing the passport system for criminal purposes.

[title] Chelmsford Royal Commission
The Chelmsford Royal Commission (1988–1990), chaired by Justice John Patrick Slattery, was established by the New South Wales state government, ostensibly to investigate mental health services in The state.  It came about only after prominent Sydney radio and television shows pressured the newly elected Health Minister, Peter Collins, to make good his promises for a Royal Commission.  Originally, its prime focus was to have been psychosurgery at the NSW Neuropsychiatric Institute.  Following media pressure it focused more on the Deep Sleep Therapy of Dr Harry Bailey, the director, from 1963 to 1979, of the state-funded Neuropsychiatric Institute and then the Chelmsford Private Hospital, a private psychiatric institution in Sydney.

[title] Robert Trimbole
Bruno Robert Trimbole (19 March 1931 – 12 May 1987) was an Australian businessman, drug baron and organised crime boss whose was alleged involvement in drug trafficking in the Griffith, New South Wales area, which according to popular loose fiction series Underbelly: Tale of Two Cities, led to a royal commission, a Coroner's inquest and an international chase by the Australian Government seeking his apprehension after he travelled overseas visiting Europe.

[title] Roberto Pannunzi
Roberto Pannunzi (born Rome, March 4, 1948), also known as "Bébé" (Baby), is an Italian criminal linked to the 'Ndrangheta, a Mafia-type organisation in Calabria.  He is one of the top cocaine brokers for the Sicilian Mafia and the 'Ndrangheta with the Colombian cocaine cartels.  He has been described as "Europe's most wanted drugs trafficker", and the "biggest cocaine trafficker in the world", the equivalent of Pablo Escobar, the head of the Colombian Medellín Cartel.  According to the United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA), the drug trafficking activities of Pannunzi have been documented for over 30 years.
