[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Producers Guild Film Award for Best Male Debut
The Producers Guild Film Award for Best Male Debut (previously known as the Apsara Award for Best Male Debut) is given by the producers of the film and television guild as part of its annual award ceremony for Hindi films, to recognise a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in his debut film.  While the official awards ceremony started in 2004, awards for the best male debut commenced four years later.

[title] Sverrir Gudnason
Sverrir Gudnason (in Icelandic "Sverrir Páll Guðnason"), born 12 September 1978 in Lund, Sweden, is a Swedish actor of Icelandic origin.  He starred in the 2007 television series How Soon Is Now.  Gudnason was born in Sweden, but brought up in Reykjavík, Iceland.  He moved with his family to Tyresö, Sweden in 1990 when his father found work as a professor at the Royal Institute of Technology.  At the 2009 Shanghai International Film Festival he received the award for best male actor for his role in the Swedish/Danish film "Original".  He has since played the role of Pontus Höijer in the second series of "Wallander" as well as leading roles in productions at both Gothenburg's and Stockholm's city theatres.

[title] Indian Telly Award for Best Actor in a Lead Role
Indian Telly Award for Best Actor in a Lead Role – Male is an award given by IndianTelevision.com as part of its annual Indian Telly Awards for TV serials, to recognize a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in a leading role.

[title] Robert Sheehan
Robert Michael Sheehan (Irish: "Roibeárd Mícheál Ó Siodhacháin" ; born 7 January 1988) is an Irish actor.  He is best known for television roles such as Nathan Young in "Misfits" and Darren in "Love/Hate", as well as the 2009 film "Cherrybomb" alongside Rupert Grint.  He also co-starred in the film "Killing Bono" as Ivan McCormick.  In late 2011 he starred in John Crowley's production of J. M. Synge's comic play "The Playboy of the Western World" at the Old Vic Theatre in London.

[title] The Messenger (2015 horror film)
The Messenger is a 2015 British supernatural mystery horror film directed by David Blair, written by Andrew Kirk and starring Robert Sheehan and Lily Cole.

[title] Mohammad-Reza Foroutan
Mohammad-Reza Foroutan (Persian: محمد رضا فروتن‎ ‎ , born December 28, 1968 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian actor.  He graduated with a master's degree in clinical psychology from Azad University and now is a Ph.D candidate of Health Psychology.  He has passed some free courses in acting.  His first film was "Goal".  After some minor roles his performance in an episode of TV series "The Clue" revealed his capabilities and Masoud Kimiay chose him for the leading role of Mercedes.  He has been acting as actor for more than two decades and received several awards including best male actor award for acting in Germez 1999 Fajr International Film Festival and best male actor award for acting in  Be Ahestegi  Fajr International Film Festival 2005.

[title] IIFA Award for Star Debut of the Year – Male
The IIFA Award for Star Debut of the Year – Male is given by the International Indian Film Academy as part of its annual award ceremony to recognise a male actor who has delivered an outstanding performance in his debut film.  Originally known as the "IIFA Award for Fresh Face of the Year (Male)", it was officially given its new title in 2006.  During its inaugural year in 2001, four separate actors were presented with an award.

[title] Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut
The Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut is given by Filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards for Hindi films to recognise a performance by a male actor in a debut role.  However, in the year 1990, it was a director (Sooraj R. Barjatya) who won the award instead of an actor.

[title] ARY Film Award for Best Star Debut Male
ARY Film Award for Best Star Debut Male is one of the ARY Film Awards of Merit presented annually by the ARY Digital Network and Entertainment Channel to recognize the male actor who has delivered an outstanding debut performance while working in the film industry.  Since its inception, however, the award has commonly been referred to as the AFA for Best Star Debut Male.  While actors are nominated for this award by AFA members who are actors and actresses themselves, winners are selected by the AFA membership as a whole.

[title] Kurt Kreuger
Kurt Kreuger (July 23, 1916 – July 12, 2006) was a Swiss-reared German actor.  Kreuger once was the third most requested male actor at 20th Century Fox.  He starred with, among others, Ingrid Bergman and Humphrey Bogart.
