[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Peter O'Meara (rugby union)
Peter O'Meara was the inaugural CEO of the Western Force rugby union team.  He was appointed in March 2005 following the successful bid by RugbyWA for the right to host the fourth Australian franchise.  O'Meara had previously been on the boards of the NSWRU and QRU and had moved to Western Australia in his capacity as an executive with the Commonwealth Bank.

[title] Time Slave
Time Slave is a 1975 hybrid of historical fiction and science fiction by John Norman.  In this book, Norman presents his personal theories of human evolution, exemplified by the case of a modern woman sent back in time twenty thousand years or more; he mourns the loss of human evolutionary fitness and distortion of "natural" social relations which in his view occurred when farming spread, and farmers squeezed hunter/gatherers to the ecological margins.  "Time Slave" features Norman's social philosophy of male-dominance (as also in his "Gor" series), and expresses an unexplained connection between female sexual subordination and the speeding up of the development of space travel.

[title] Gold (1974 film)
Gold is a 1974 thriller film starring Roger Moore and Susannah York and directed by Peter R. Hunt.  It was based on the 1970 novel "Gold Mine" by Wilbur Smith.  Moore plays Rodney "Rod" Slater, General Manager of a South African gold mine, who is instructed by his boss Steyner (Bradford Dillman) to break through an underground dike into what he is told is a rich seam of gold.  Meanwhile, he falls in love with Steyner's wife Terry, played by York.  In the United States, the film was only released as part of a double bill.

[title] Peter O'Meara
Peter O'Meara is an award-winning Irish actor.  Lauded for his work on the London stage he came to the screen in the groundbreaking HBO series "Band of Brothers" playing 1st Lt Norman Dike.  He garnered a popular following on USA TV series "Peacemakers" as Det Larimer Finch bringing the science of the future to the old west opposite Tom Berenger as Marshall Jared Stone.  For this he received the Western Heritage Bronze Wrangler award.

[title] Norman Dike
Norman Staunton Dike, Jr. (19 May 191823 June 1989) was an officer of the United States Army who later served in the U.S. Army Reserve.  During World War II he was a lieutenant and captain in the 101st Airborne Division, where one assignment was company commander of Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment.  After World War II, he became a lawyer and businessman and eventually became a permanent resident of Switzerland.  Dike was portrayed in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" by Peter O'Meara.

[title] Middelharnis
Middelharnis has a shopping area called "D'n Diek".  This shopping center settled itself on a dike which used to be the last barrier for the town from the Haringvliet.  The town hosts two public and one Christian high schools.  Middelharnis has an inland harbor with connection to the Haringvliet.  There is also a small beach which can get very crowded in the summertime.  In Middelharnis the old main street has the old municipality building.

[title] Ernest Norman
Ernest Leland Norman (November 11, 1904 – December 6, 1971) was an American electrical engineer, clairvoyant, and spiritual leader.  A polymath, Norman dabbled in philosophy, poetry, scientific research and paranormal investigation.  Ernest Norman also co-founded of the Unarius Science of Life and the Unarius Educational Foundation, which later became known as Unarius Academy of Science.  Before starting the grassroots work for Unarius, Ernest Norman also worked for the Borderlands Sciences Research Association as a contributing editor for the Round Robin journal, and also worked as a minister for a Spiritualist church for 15 years.  Ernest Norman wrote twenty books in his lifetime that covered theoretical physics, spirituality, philosophy, theology, extraterrestrial life, sociology, and poetry.  Norman also authored articles further emphasizing the interdimensional hypothesis he was trying to teach, and answered letters from his students that have been archived at the Unarius Academy of Science.  The first book he wrote, "The Truth About Mars", gives an account where he met the Martian ambassador, a being named Nur El, and traveled to the underground cities of Mars in his astral body.  Unariuns believe he was other major figures in Earth's history, and that he was overshadowed by an Archangel named Raphiel who resides on a celestial super planet with other Archangels.  He is referred to as the Moderator, or as "Dr." Norman by his students out of respect.  A genius child prodigy, Ernest Norman never sought a doctorate through academia as he was self-taught and did not have formal schooling for many of the subjects he seemingly mastered, as he claimed his knowledge was due to his clairvoyant connection to the Masters and Higher Minds of the White Brotherhood;

[title] Norman Staunton Dike
Norman Staunton Dike (October 22, 1862 – April 15, 1953) was a New York State Supreme Court judge from 1920-1932.  He had previously worked as a lawyer, sheriff, and judge in Brooklyn, New York.  He was also a prominent member of the Brooklyn social scene.

[title] Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park
Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park (OSP) was founded in 1985 in Edmond, Oklahoma, USA by current Executive Director and Artistic Director Kathryn McGill (née Huey) and Jack J. O'Meara.  With two different performing venues, the organization is dedicated to excellence in producing an eclectic range of classic plays to the entire Oklahoma City metro area and beyond.  Oklahoma Shakespeare in the Park is a non-profit organization overseen by a Board of Directors.  Jason Foreman serves as Board President.  Jon Haque serves as Managing Director, Michelle Swink as PR/Marketing Associate, and Norman H. Hammon serves as Development Director.  In 2007, it relocated to downtown Oklahoma City.

[title] 1985 Dunhill Cup
The 1985 Dunhill Cup was the first Dunhill Cup.  It was a team tournament featuring 16 countries, each represented by three players.  The Cup was played 17–20 October at the Old Course at St Andrews in Scotland.  The sponsor was the Alfred Dunhill company.  The Australian team of David Graham, Graham Marsh, and Greg Norman beat the American team of Raymond Floyd, Mark O'Meara, and Curtis Strange in the final.
