[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] David Lucas (composer)
David Lucas (born David Helfman April 21, 1937) is an American rock and roll composer, singer, and music producer.  He has written a number of commercial jingles, such as AT&T's "Reach Out and Touch Someone."  In 1981, he received a Clio Award for composing the music to Pepsi's "Catch That Pepsi Spirit."  As a record producer, he worked with many new artists such as Blue Öyster Cult.  On the 1976 Blue Öyster Cult song "Don't Fear the Reaper" which he co-produced, Lucas sang backup vocals and came up with the idea for using a cowbell, parodied by Christopher Walken in the "More cowbell" skit on "Saturday Night Live".  In June 2011, Lucas was inducted into Buffalo's Music Hall of Fame.

[title] Blue Öyster Cult
Blue Öyster Cult (often abbreviated BÖC) is an American hard rock band formed on Long Island, New York, in 1967, whose most successful work includes the hard rock and heavy metal songs "(Don't Fear) The Reaper", "Godzilla" and "Burnin' for You".  Blue Öyster Cult has sold over 24 million records worldwide, including 7 million records in the United States alone.  The band's music videos, especially "Burnin' for You", received heavy rotation on MTV when the music television network premiered in 1981, cementing the band's contribution to the development and success of the music video in modern popular culture.

[title] Godzilla (song)
"Godzilla" is a song by Blue Öyster Cult from their fifth album, "Spectres".  The lyrics are a tongue-in-cheek tribute to the popular movie monster of the same name.  The song is, along with "(Don't Fear) The Reaper" and "Burnin' for You", one of Blue Öyster Cult's best known songs and has become a staple of their live performances.  It has been covered by bands such as Racer X, Fu Manchu, The Smashing Pumpkins, Sebastian Bach and Fighting Gravity.

[title] Imaginos
Imaginos is the eleventh studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult (commonly shortened as BÖC).  It was released in 1988, and was their last recording with their original record label, CBS/Columbia Records.  The album took nearly eight years to complete and was originally intended to be the first in a trilogy of solo albums by Blue Öyster Cult drummer and songwriter Albert Bouchard.  Bouchard was fired in August 1981, and CBS rejected the album in 1984, but a re-worked version was eventually published as a product of the band.  Many musicians contributed to the project over this eight-year span, including Joe Satriani and Doors guitarist Robby Krieger, but some band members were barely involved in the recording process.  Thus, "Imaginos" is often considered more as a project of producer and lyricist Sandy Pearlman than as a true album of the band.

[title] Fu Manchu (band)
Fu Manchu is an American, Southern California-based stoner rock band that formed in 1985.

[title] Some Enchanted Evening (Blue Öyster Cult album)
Some Enchanted Evening is the second live album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in September 1978 (see 1978 in music).  It is Blue Öyster Cult's best selling album, having sold two million copies, including over a million in the United States.  The album's seven original tracks were recorded at various locations in the United States and England.

[title] Blue Öyster Cult (album)
Blue Öyster Cult is the eponymous debut studio album by the American hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released on January 16, 1972 by Columbia Records.  The album featured songs such as "Cities on Flame with Rock and Roll", "Stairway to the Stars", and "Then Came the Last Days of May", all of which the band still plays regularly during its concerts.  Despite positive reviews, the album failed to chart for some time before finally cracking the "Billboard" 200 chart on May 20, 1972, peaking at No. 172.  Blue Öyster Cult toured with artists such as The Byrds, Alice Cooper and the Mahavishnu Orchestra to support the album.

[title] Mirrors (Blue Öyster Cult album)
Mirrors is the sixth studio album by Blue Öyster Cult, released in 1979.  "Mirrors" is the first Blue Öyster Cult album not produced by long-time producer and manager Sandy Pearlman.  The album is notable for a collaboration with British fantasy/science-fiction author Michael Moorcock, who co-wrote a song based on his novel "The Fireclown".  "The Great Sun Jester" is the first of several Moorcock co-writing credits with the band.

[title] Black Blade (song)
"Black Blade" is a song by American rock band Blue Öyster Cult.  The lyrics were written by Eric Bloom and British science fiction writer Michael Moorcock from the viewpoint of Elric, Moorcock's most famous character.  Elric wields a sentient, soul-sucking sword named Stormbringer.  Aside from a set of cryptic, blood-red runes on the blade, the sword is black, hence the name "Black Blade".  The music was jointly composed by Eric Bloom, lead singer of Blue Öyster Cult, and bass-player John Trivers.  The song was featured in the Blue Öyster Cult album "Cultösaurus Erectus."  When Bloom was asked how he got in touch with Moorcock for the song he claims, "I went out of my way to send him a Fan Boy letter.  He was living in England, and he came over to America, to meet with his publisher.  He said, “Let's get together.”  We got together, and bonded, and he started sending me lyrics.  That is how "Black Blade," "Veteran of Psychic Wars" and "Great Sun Jester" happened.

[title] The Essential Blue Öyster Cult
The Essential Blue Öyster Cult is a compilation album by the hard rock band Blue Öyster Cult, released in 2003 as part of Sony BMG's "Essential" series.  An expanded edition of the album, with different cover, was released in 2012, based from 1995 compilation "Workshop of the Telescopes".
