[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Azerbaijanis
Azerbaijanis ( ) or Azeris (Azerbaijani: "Azərbaycanlılar" آذربایجانلیلار, "Azərilər" آذریلر), also known as Azerbaijani Turks (Azerbaijani: "Azərbaycan türkləri" آذربایجان تورکلری), are a Turkic ethnic group living mainly in Iranian Azerbaijan and the independent Republic of Azerbaijan.  They are the second-most numerous ethnic group among the Turkic peoples after Anatolian Turks.  They are predominantly Shi'i Muslims, and have a mixed cultural heritage, including Turkic, Iranian, and Caucasian elements.  They comprise the largest ethnic group in Republic of Azerbaijan and by far the second-largest ethnic group in neighboring Iran.  The world's largest number of ethnic Azerbaijanis live in Iran, followed by Azerbaijan.

[title] Mandinka people
The Mandinka (also known as Mandenka, Mandinko, Mandingo, Manding or Malinke) are a West African ethnic group with an estimated global population of 11 million (the other three largest ethnic groups in West Africa being the unrelated Fula, Hausa and Songhai peoples).  The Mandinka are the descendants of the Mali Empire, which rose to power in the 13th century under the rule of the Malinké/Maninka king Sundiata Keita.

[title] Han Chinese
The Han Chinese, Han people or simply Han ( ; ] ; Han characters: 漢人 (Mandarin pinyin: "Hànrén"; literally "Han people") or 漢族 (pinyin: "Hànzú"; literally "Han ethnicity" or "Han ethnic group")) are an East Asian ethnic group.  They constitute approximately 92% of the population of China, 95% of Taiwan (Han Taiwanese), 76% of Singapore, 23% of Malaysia and about 17% of the global population, making them the world's largest ethnic group with over 1.3 billion people.

[title] Ewe people
The Ewe people (Ewe: "Eʋeawó" , lit.  "Ewe people"; or " Eʋedukɔ́ ", lit.  "Ewe nation","Eʋenyigba" Eweland;) are an African ethnic group.  They are the largest ethnic group in Togo (32%), the third largest ethnic group in Ghana (14%), and are a minority ethnic group in southern Benin, Ivory Coast and Nigeria.  They speak the Ewe language (Ewe: "Eʋegbe" ) which belongs to the Niger-Congo family of languages.  They are related to other speakers of Gbe languages, such as, the Fon, Gen, Phla Phera, and the Aja people of Togo and Benin.

[title] Princess Fragrant
Princess Fragrant () is a Chinese 3-D cartoon series directed by Deng Jianglei and produced by the Shenzhen Qianheng Cultural Communication Company ().  Its basis is the Fragrant Concubine, a Chinese legend about a Uighur girl from Kashgar who became a concubine of the Qianlong Emperor.  The cartoon was produced to improve relations between the Han Chinese and the Uighurs.  The series, which will be available in the Mandarin and Uighur languages, is scheduled to have 104 episodes.  It will begin airing in 2015.

[title] Muslim population growth
Muslim population growth refers to the topic of population growth of the global Muslim community.  In 2006, countries with a Muslim majority had an average population growth rate of 1.8% per year (when weighted by percentage Muslim and population size).  This compares with a world population growth rate of 1.1% per year.  As of 2011, it is predicted that the world's Muslim population will grow twice as fast as non-Muslims over the next 20 years.  By 2030, Muslims will make up more than a quarter of the global population.

[title] Fezara people
Fezara is an ethnic group of Sudan, who emigrated from Arabia to Egypt, and then to Sudan.  The number of persons in this ethnic group is about 200,000.  Most members of this ethnic group are Muslims.  This ethnic group speaks Sudanese Arabic.

[title] Harvard Foundation
The Harvard Foundation for Intercultural and Race Relations was founded in 1981 by the President and Deans of Harvard University to improve relations among racial and ethnic groups at the University.  The Harvard Foundation sponsors activities to promote interracial and intercultural awareness in the Harvard community that range from student-led discussions on issues regarding diversity to ceremonies that highlight the multicultural contributions of people within and beyond Harvard.  The current and founding director of the Foundation is Dr. S. Allen Counter, who leads an administrative coordinator, a programming fellow, and a team of student interns.

[title] Jack Goldstone
Jack A. Goldstone (born September 30, 1953) is an American sociologist and political scientist, specializing in studies of social movements, revolutions, political demography, and international politics.  He is an author or editor of 13 books and over 140 research articles.  He is recognized as one of the leading authorities on the study of revolutions and long-term social change.  His work has made foundational contributions to the fields of cliodynamics, economic history and political demography.  He was the first scholar to describe in detail and document the long-term cyclical relationship between global population cycles and cycles of political rebellion and revolution.  He was also a core member of the “California school” in world history, which replaced the standard view of a dynamic West and stagnant East with a ‘late divergence’ model in which Eastern and Western civilizations underwent similar political and economic cycles until the 18th century, when Europe achieved the technical breakthroughs of industrialization.  He is also one of the founding fathers of the emerging field of political demography, studying the impact of local, regional, and global population trends on international security and national politics.

[title] Oku people (Sierra Leone)
The Oku people, also commonly known as Oku Mohammedans or "Aku Mohammedans"in Sierra Leone and as the "Aku Marabou" or "Oku Marabou" in the Gambia, are an ethnic group in Sierra Leone and the Gambia.  The Oku people are the descendants of liberated Africans of Yoruba descent from Southwest Nigeria who were liberated or came to Sierra Leone as settlers in the mid 19th century and formed a distinctive ethnic group The Oku are virtually all Muslims and are known for their conservative muslim population.  The British colonial government provided official recognition to the Oku Mohammedan community as a distinctive community in Sierra Leone.  Although the Sierra Leone government officially considered the Oku people as members of the Creole ethnic group, many Sierra Leoneans consider the Oku people as a distinctive ethnic group.
