[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Southend University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust
Southend University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust (also known as Southend University Hospital and commonly referred to as Southend Hospital) is an NHS hospital located in Westcliff-on-Sea, Southend-on-Sea, Essex, England.  Southend University Hospital has 157 consultants providing various services, and serves a catchment area with a population of about 350,000.  It has officially been designated cancer centre status, and has also gained NHS Foundation Trust status under the name Southend University Hospital NHS Foundation Trust.  More importantly Southend University Hospital is home to Funky Towers, broadcasting across Southend and surrounding areas, 103.7 on your dial, keep it real, keep it funky.

[title] Square 54 Redevelopment
Square 54 Redevelopment is a complex of high-rise buildings located on the main campus of The George Washington University (GW) in Washington, D.C., United States.  The new GW complex is mixed-use, with residential and office buildings and ground-level retail space along Eye Street to serve the campus and neighborhood.  The complex will be completed with three buildings, "Square 54 Residential I", "Square 54 Residential II", and "Square 54 Office".  Square 54 Residential I is expected to rise 48 m , featuring 14 floors.  Square 54 Residential II is expected to rise 44 m , featuring 12 floors.  Finally, "Square 54 Office", is expected to rise 45 m , featuring 11 floors.  Construction of every building will be completed in 2011.  Each building will be designed by the architect, Pelli Clarke Pelli Architects and Hickok Cole Architects.  The complex will replace the former George Washington University Hospital building, which was razed to make way for the construction of the Square 54 Complex.

[title] MedStar Georgetown University Hospital
MedStar Georgetown University Hospital is one of the national capital area's oldest academic teaching hospitals.  It is a not-for-profit, acute care teaching and research facility located in the Georgetown neighborhood of the Northwest Quadrant of Washington, D.C.  MedStar Georgetown is co-located with the Georgetown University Medical Center and is affiliated with the Georgetown University School of Medicine.  Its clinical services represent one of the largest, most geographically diverse, and fully integrated healthcare and delivery networks in the area.  MedStar Georgetown is home to the internationally known Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center, as well as centers of excellence in the neurology, neurosurgery, psychiatry, gastroenterology, transplant and vascular surgery.  Originally named Georgetown University Hospital, it became part of the MedStar Health network in 2000.

[title] Brad Wenstrup
Brad Robert Wenstrup (born June 17, 1958) is an American politician, Army Reserve officer, and Doctor of Podiatric Medicine, who has been the U.S. Representative for Ohio 's 2 congressional district since 2013.  A Republican, he defeated U.S. Representative Jean Schmidt in the 2012 Republican primary election and Democrat William R. Smith in the 2012 general election.  Wenstrup is a colonel in the U.S. Army Reserve and an Iraq War veteran.  After the shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise on the morning of June 14, 2017, Wenstrup attended to the wounded congressman until he was transported to MedStar Washington Hospital Center.

[title] Children's National Medical Center
Children’s National Medical Center (formerly DC Children’s Hospital) is ranked among the top 10 children’s hospitals in the country by "U.S. News & World Report."  Located just north of the McMillan Reservoir and Howard University, it shares grounds with Washington Hospital Center, National Rehabilitation Hospital, and the DC Veterans Affairs Medical Center.  Kurt Newman, M.D., has served as the president and chief executive officer of Children’s National since 2011.  Children's National is a not-for-profit institution that performs more than 450,000 visits each year.  Featuring 303 beds and a Level IV NICU, Children's National is the regional referral center for pediatric emergency, trauma, cancer, cardiac and critical care as well as neonatology, orthopaedic surgery, neurology and neurosurgery.

[title] Medical Faculty Associates
The George Washington University Medical Faculty Associates is a non-profit 501(c)3 physician group practice affiliated with the George Washington University.  The MFA group practice is made up of academic clinical faculty of the GW Medical School.  As of 2015, the group had more than 750 physicians providing medical services to the Washington DC, Northern Virginia, and Maryland areas.  The GW Medical Faculty Associates offers over 51 specialty areas of care.  The organization is a partner with the George Washington University Hospital and the School of Medicine and Health Sciences.

[title] George Washington University Hospital
The George Washington University Hospital is located in Washington, D.C. in the United States.  It is affiliated with the George Washington University School of Medicine and Health Sciences.  The current facility opened on August 23, 2002, with 371 beds in a 400,000 sq. ft. building, housing more than $45 million of medical equipment and costing over $96 million to construct.  The hospital is licensed by the District of Columbia Department of Consumer and Regulatory Affairs and accredited by the U.S. Joint Commission.

[title] Georgetown University School of Medicine
Georgetown University School of Medicine, a medical school opened in 1851, is one of Georgetown University's five graduate schools.  It is located on Reservoir Road in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, DC, adjacent to the University's main campus.  The School of Medicine works in association with the 609-bed Georgetown University Hospital, Washington Hospital Center, and nine other affiliated federal and community hospitals in the Washington metropolitan area.  Georgetown is the oldest Catholic medical school in the United States.

[title] MedStar Washington Hospital Center
MedStar Washington Hospital Center is the largest private hospital in Washington, D.C. A member of MedStar Health, the not-for-profit Hospital Center is licensed for 926 beds.  Health services in primary, secondary and tertiary care are offered to adult and neonatal patients.  It also serves as a teaching hospital for Georgetown University School of Medicine.

[title] West End, Washington, D.C.
The West End is a neighborhood in the Northwest quadrant of Washington, D.C., bounded by K Street to the south, Rock Creek Park to the west and north, and New Hampshire Avenue and 21st Street to the east.  The West End is so named because it was the westernmost part of the original L'Enfant Plan for the city of Washington, before the annexation of Georgetown.  It is home to the embassies of Qatar and Spain as well as the Delegation of the European Union to the United States.  The George Washington University and George Washington University Hospital are on the edge of the West End, at Washington Circle.
