[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Chipmunks in Low Places
Chipmunks in Low Places is a country album written by John Boylan and Andrew Gold and performed by Alvin and the Chipmunks.  It features cover songs as well as original material.  Released on September 29, 1992, the album was certified Platinum by the RIAA, becoming the group's first platinum record and making it the Chipmunks' best-selling album.  The album reached number 21 on the "Billboard" 200, becoming their first album to chart in ten years.  The album also managed to peak at No. 6 on "Billboard"' s Top Country Albums, making it the highest peaking album for the group on the chart.

[title] Martina McBride discography
The discography of American country artist Martina McBride consists of thirteen studio albums, one live album, four compilation albums, two video albums, three additional albums, forty five music videos, fifty one singles, sixteen other charting songs, and forty five album appearances.  In 1991, she signed a recording contract with RCA Records, launching her debut studio album "The Time Has Come" in 1992.  In September 1993, her second studio album "The Way That I Am" was issued.  Its lead single "My Baby Loves Me" reached number two on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart, becoming her breakthrough hit.  The third single "Independence Day" peaked in the top twenty and became McBride's signature song.  The song's success elevated sales of "The Way That I Am" to platinum status from the Recording Industry Association of America. " Wild Angels" was released in September 1995 and reached number seventeen on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart.  The album's title track became McBride's first song to top the Hot Country Songs list.  McBride's fourth studio album "Evolution" was released in August 1997 and is her best-selling album to date, certifying three times platinum in the United States.  The album spawned six singles which all became major hits including, "A Broken Wing", "Wrong Again", and "Whatever You Say".  After releasing a holiday album, McBride's fifth studio album "Emotion" was issued in September 1999.  The lead single "I Love You" topped the Hot Country Songs list, while also reaching minor positions on the Adult Contemporary and "Billboard" Hot 100 charts.

[title] Danity Kane discography
The discography of Danity Kane, an American R&B group, consists of two studio album, five singles, and four music videos. Danity Kane were formed in 2005 during the third season of the reality television series "Making the Band", and consisted of Aubrey O'Day, Wanita "D. Woods" Woodgett, Shannon Bex, Dawn Richard, and Aundrea Fimbres.  The group disbanded in January 2009 during the fourth season of "Making the Band".  The group released their self titled debut album in August 2006.  The album reached number one on the United States "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).  Danity Kane's debut single, "Show Stopper", which featured rapper Yung Joc, reached number eight on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. " Ride for You", their second single, reached number 78 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. " Welcome to the Dollhouse", Danity Kane's second album, was released in March 2008.  It reached number one on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified gold by the RIAA.  The album's lead single, "Damaged", reached number ten on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.  The group's fifth single, "Bad Girl", featured Missy Elliott and reached number 110 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

[title] The Dance (song)
"The Dance" is a song written and composed by Tony Arata, and recorded by American country music singer Garth Brooks as the tenth and final track from his self-titled debut album, from which it was also released as the album's fourth and final single in April 1990.  It is considered by many to be Brooks' signature song.  In a 2015 interview with Patrick Kielty of BBC Radio 2, Brooks credits the back to back success of both "The Dance" and its follow up "Friends In Low Places" for his phenomenal success.

[title] I Feel Lucky
"I Feel Lucky" is a song co-written and recorded by American country artist Mary Chapin Carpenter.  It was released in May 1992 as the first single from the album "Come On Come On".  The song reached number 4 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.  The Chipettes recorded a cover of this song for the 1992 album "Chipmunks in Low Places".  It was written by Carpenter and Don Schlitz.

[title] Rosanne Cash discography
The discography of Rosanne Cash, an American singer-songwriter, consists of thirteen studio albums, six compilation albums, one tribute album, and 39 singles.  The daughter of Johnny Cash, Rosanne Cash recorded her self-titled debut album in 1978 under the German label Ariola.  After signing with Columbia Records in 1979, Cash's second studio album "Right or Wrong" was released.  Its lead single "No Memories Hangin' Around" (a duet with Bobby Bare) reached the Top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.  Cash's third studio release, "Seven Year Ache" (1981) gained major success when the title track peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Country chart, followed by "My Baby Thinks He's a Train" and "Blue Moon with a Heartache," which also reached the top spot.  The album's follow-up effort, "Somewhere in the Stars" (1982) produced two Top 10 hits on the "Billboard" chart.  After a 3-year hiatus, Cash issued "Rhythm & Romance" in 1985, which reached #1 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums list.  It spawned four Top 10 singles.  This included the number one single, "I Don't Know Why You Don't Want Me," which won the Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance in 1986.  Her sixth album, "King's Record Shop" was released in 1987.  The album peaked at number six on the country albums chart and certified gold in the United States.  The four singles released from "King's Record Shop" all reached number one on the "Billboard" Country chart between 1987 and 1988, including a cover of Johnny Cash's "Tennessee Flat-Top Box."

[title] There It Is (Shalamar song)
"There It Is" is a 1982 song by funk band Shalamar from their album Friends.  It is their highest charting single in the UK, along with A Night to Remember which both reached no. 5.  It reached no. 6 in Ireland.

[title] Omarion
Omari Ishmael Grandberry (born November 12, 1984, known by his stage name Omarion) is an American singer, songwriter, rapper, actor and dancer.  He is best known as being the lead singer of the American R&B boy band B2K; the group achieved success with singles like "Bump, Bump, Bump", "Uh Huh", and "Girlfriend", which all reached success on the "Billboard" Hot 100.  After the group's disbandment, Omarion released his debut solo album, "O" (2005), which debuted atop the "Billboard" 200 and received a Grammy Award nomination for Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 48th Grammy Awards.  His second solo album, "21" (2006), contained his second highest-charting single to date, "Ice Box", which reached the top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.  His third solo album, "Ollusion" (2010), was released on January 12, 2010, with the lead single, "I Get It In".  His fourth solo album, "Sex Playlist" (2014), spawned the single, "Post to Be", which was certified 3x platinum and reached number 13 on the Hot 100 chart in May 2015, and became his highest charting single to date.

[title] No Fences
No Fences is the second studio album by the American country music artist Garth Brooks.  It was released on August 27, 1990, and reached #1 on "Billboard's" Top Country Albums chart.  The album also reached #3 on the "Billboard" 200.  On the latter chart it stayed in the top 40 for 126 weeks.  No Fences remains Brooks' best-selling studio album to date with 17 million copies shipped in the US, and is the album that made him an international star.  It was his first album issued in Europe (the original European release contained the four singles from his U.S. debut as bonus tracks).  This was Garth's first album to have a crossover-friendly country-pop sound, which was a departure from the neotraditional country sound of his first album.

[title] Friends in Low Places
"Friends in Low Places" is a song performed by American country pop artist Garth Brooks.  It was released on August 6, 1990 as the lead single from his album "No Fences".  The song spent four weeks at number one on the Hot Country Songs, and won both the Academy of Country Music and Country Music Association awards for 1990 Single of the Year.
