[dataset] HotpotQA_distractor

[title] Rosanne Cash discography
The discography of Rosanne Cash, an American singer-songwriter, consists of thirteen studio albums, six compilation albums, one tribute album, and 39 singles.  The daughter of Johnny Cash, Rosanne Cash recorded her self-titled debut album in 1978 under the German label Ariola.  After signing with Columbia Records in 1979, Cash's second studio album "Right or Wrong" was released.  Its lead single "No Memories Hangin' Around" (a duet with Bobby Bare) reached the Top 20 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart.  Cash's third studio release, "Seven Year Ache" (1981) gained major success when the title track peaked at number one on the "Billboard" Country chart, followed by "My Baby Thinks He's a Train" and "Blue Moon with a Heartache," which also reached the top spot.  The album's follow-up effort, "Somewhere in the Stars" (1982) produced two Top 10 hits on the "Billboard" chart.  After a 3-year hiatus, Cash issued "Rhythm & Romance" in 1985, which reached #1 on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums list.  It spawned four Top 10 singles.  This included the number one single, "I Don't Know Why You Don't Want Me," which won the Grammy Award for Best Female Country Vocal Performance in 1986.  Her sixth album, "King's Record Shop" was released in 1987.  The album peaked at number six on the country albums chart and certified gold in the United States.  The four singles released from "King's Record Shop" all reached number one on the "Billboard" Country chart between 1987 and 1988, including a cover of Johnny Cash's "Tennessee Flat-Top Box."

[title] Train discography
American pop rock band Train has released ten studio albums, two live albums, one video album, four extended plays, 30 singles, four promotional singles, and 26 music videos.  The band independently released their eponymous debut studio album in 1996, two years after their formation.  In February 1998, the band signed to Aware Records and Columbia Records and re-released the album under the two labels.  Three singles were released from "Train"; the album's second single, "Meet Virginia", peaked at number 20 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.  The album peaked at number 76 on the US "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).  In the period following the release of "Train", producer Brendan O'Brien started working with the band in a partnership that would last for three albums.  The band released their second studio album "Drops of Jupiter" in March 2001; it was preceded by the release of its lead single, "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)".  The single became a commercial success, peaking at number five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and also becoming a top ten hit in Australia, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom.  "Drops of Jupiter (Tell Me)" also won an award for Best Rock Song at the 44th Grammy Awards.  The album peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200, earning a double platinum certification from the RIAA. " She's on Fire", the third single from "Drops of Jupiter", achieved moderate success in Australia and the UK.  Train's third studio album, "My Private Nation", was released in June 2003.  It peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200 and was certified platinum by the RIAA.  The album's first two singles, "Calling All Angels" and "When I Look to the Sky", peaked at numbers 19 and 74 respectively on the "Billboard" Hot 100.  The band released their fourth studio album "For Me, It's You" in January 2006.  The album peaked at number 10 on the "Billboard" 200 and spawned three singles.

[title] I Love You Always Forever
"I Love You Always Forever" is a song by British singer Donna Lewis.  It was released in the United States in May 1996 as the lead single from her debut album, "Now in a Minute".  Inspired by the H. E. Bates novel "Love for Lydia", it peaked at number five on the UK Singles Chart.  Outside the United Kingdom, it peaked within the top ten of the charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Germany, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland and the United States.  In the latter country, the song peaked at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100, where it remained for nine weeks during the summer of 1996, kept from number one by Los Del Rio's "Macarena".  Despite this, the song was number one on the Hot 100 Airplay chart for thirteen weeks and the "Billboard" Top 40 Mainstream chart for eleven weeks, becoming one of the most played songs of the 1990s.  The song therefore is drawn for third place among songs with the longest runs at number two on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and drawn at second for the most weeks at the "Billboard" Top 40 Mainstream chart.  In Australia, the single also peaked at number two on the ARIA Singles Chart.  In 2016, the song was covered by Australian pop singer Betty Who, peaking at number six on the ARIA Singles Chart.

[title] The Definition Of...
The Definition Of... is the fifth studio album by American recording artist Fantasia.  It was released by RCA Records and 19 Recordings on July 29, 2016 in the United States and for online streaming worldwide on Apple Music a day earlier.  Fantasia worked with producers Ron Fair, Brian Kennedy, Neff-U, Jerome "J-Roc" Harmon and GRADES on the album.  The album featured two top ten singles on the US "Billboard" Adult R&B Songs airplay chart: "No Time for It", which peaked at number six, and "Sleeping with the One I Love" which peaked at number nine.  In order to further promote the album, Fantasia embarked on a tour with Anthony Hamilton called .  "The Definition Of..." received mixed to positive reviews from music critics.  The album peaked at number six on the US "Billboard" 200.  The album also topped that week's "Billboard" Top R&B Albums chart, and peaked at number two on the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.  The album was also promoted with an US twelve-show tour titled The Definition Of... Tour, which started on November 16, 2016 and ended on December 4, 2016.  The third single "When I Met You" was released on January 17, 2017.

[title] Thomas Rhett discography
American singer and songwriter Thomas Rhett has released three studio albums, one extended play and thirteen singles, including one as a featured artist.  His debut album, "It Goes Like This", debuted in the top 10 of the "Billboard" 200 in 2013 and produced three number one singles on the "Billboard" Country Airplay chart.  Rhett released his second album, "Tangled Up", in 2015 which peaked at number six on the "Billboard" 200.  Four of the album's five singles reached number one, while the second single, "Die a Happy Man" became his first crossover success and highest-charting single on the "Billboard" Hot 100.  His third album, "Life Changes", is due in 2017.  Nine of Rhett's singles have received at least a Gold certification from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), with six going Platinum.

[title] Trisha Yearwood discography
American country artist Trisha Yearwood has released twelve studio albums, seven compilation albums, one additional album, forty one music videos, fifty-eight singles and has appeared on twenty eight albums.  Yearwood's self-titled debut album was released in 1991, peaking at number two on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart and number thirty one on the Billboard 200.  It became the first debut female country album to sell one million copies, eventually certifying double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. " She's in Love with the Boy" became the first female debut single since 1964 to top the "Billboard" Hot Country Singles chart.  The album would spawn an additional three singles, including "The Woman Before Me".  Her second studio album was the critically acclaimed "Hearts in Armor" (1992).  It spawned the top five country hits "Wrong Side of Memphis" and "Walkaway Joe".  Her third studio record "The Song Remembers When" (1993) enjoyed similar success while the lead single reached number two on the Billboard country chart.  A holiday album appeared before her platinum-selling fourth studio album "Thinkin' About You" (1995).  Reaching the third position of the country albums chart and the top thirty of the Billboard 200, its first two singles topped the Hot Country Singles chart.  Her sixth studio album "Everybody Knows" (1996) spawned Yearwood's fourth number one single, "Believe Me Baby (I Lied)".

[title] Number 1's (Destiny's Child album)
Following its release, "#1's" received positive reviews from music critics who praised the included material as the highlights of the group's music career.  However, its title was dismissed as many of the songs included on the track listing hadn't reached the top position of a major record chart; it was later acknowledged by "Billboard" magazine that the title was only used as a marketing strategy.  The compilation debuted and peaked on top of the US "Billboard" 200 album chart becoming the group's second album to reach number one in that country.  It further peaked at number one in Japan and number six in the UK while also reaching the top forty in many European countries.  The compilation received seven certifications by music trade organizations in different countries across the world.  It further spawned two singles: "Stand up For Love", which failed to appear on a major music chart, and "Check on It", which reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and the top ten on many European charts.

[title] Dirt (Alice in Chains album)
Dirt is the second studio album by the American rock band Alice in Chains, released on September 29, 1992, through Columbia Records.  Peaking at number six on the "Billboard" 200, the album was also well received by music critics.  It has since been certified four-times platinum by the RIAA and gone on to sell five million copies worldwide, making "Dirt" the band's highest selling album to date.  It is the band's last album recorded with all four original members, as bassist Mike Starr was terminated from the band in January 1993.

[title] Uncle Charlie
Uncle Charlie is the fourth studio album by Charlie Wilson and was released on February 17, 2009.  It features production from Gregg Pagani, The Underdogs, Bigg D, T-Pain and L.O.S. da Maestro.  It features guest appearances from Snoop Dogg, Jamie Foxx and T-Pain.  The first two singles from the album are "Supa Sexxy" and "There Goes My Baby", the latter receiving major airplay on the Urban and Adult R&B radio stations as well being named Billboard Magazine's number one Urban Adult Song for 2009.  It debuted and peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 with sales of 58,000 copies in its first week.  This was his highest peak on the Billboard 200 to date and so far has sold 362,355 copies.

[title] Hate to Feel
"Hate to Feel" is the tenth track on Alice in Chains' album "Dirt" (1992).  The song was included on the compilation albums "Music Bank" (1999) and "The Essential Alice in Chains".  It has also been the ninth track on later prints of the album and eleventh on others.  Some editions of "Dirt" may merge this song with the then-unlisted 43-second track "Iron Gland".
